{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2820
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 AppleColorEmoji;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720

\itap1\trowd \taflags0 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt\clvertalbase \clshdrawnil \clwWidth33640\clftsWidth3 \clmart10 \clmarl10 \clmarb10 \clmarr10 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadl0 \clpadr0 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Added new class: terminology introduction\
Explanation: This class contains introductory content that outlines and introduces the reader to important poker terminology and concepts. It is aimed at familiarizing the reader with common terms used throughout the book.\
The page introduces various poker terminologies such as MDF, dEV, Pot odds, Equity realization, GTO, SRP, Nash Equilibrium, SPR, Geometric Bet Size, Alpha, Nodelock, Implied odds, Abstraction, and Range Advantage. It highlights that poker is a game with many complex terms that can be challenging to understand initially.\
Added new class: poker strategy lessons introduction\
Explanation: This class contains introductory content that outlines the structure and purpose of the poker lessons in the book. It is aimed at informing the reader about the systematic approach and the focus on game theory optimal strategies.\
The book contains 334 poker lessons focused on game theory optimal strategies, organized by theme to enhance skill progression.\
Added new class: new class - poker fundamentals\
Explanation: This class contains content that introduces fundamental concepts and skills essential for playing poker effectively. It focuses on the basic mental and strategic skills necessary for managing one's gameplay and emotions.\
The content emphasizes the importance of tilt management, highlighting the need to recognize suboptimal play and implement timely strategies to mitigate it. Key strategies include managing anxiety levels to avoid both high and low extremes, and separating the outcome from the process to focus on playing each hand well without being results-oriented.\
The chapter introduces fundamental concepts as the foundation for developing effective poker strategies. These concepts are used as building blocks for more complex ideas. It emphasizes the importance of experimenting with different poker formats to find the best fit, eventually focusing on mastering one format to become a specialist rather than a generalist.\
The content emphasizes the importance of focusing on the most impactful spots in poker to improve results, specifically recommending starting with BTN vs BB and SB vs BB spots due to their common occurrence and significant effect on outcomes.\
The content introduces several poker terms: \
1. Gapper: A preflop hand with at least one rank separating the two cards, e.g., 7h9h. \
2. Game Theory Optimal (GTO): The least exploitable fixed strategy, yielding the highest expected value against a similar strategy. \
3. Game tree: Describes all possible sequences of actions in a poker round, including decision factors and card distributions. \
4. Geometric bet size: Betting the same percentage of the pot on each street to ensure chips are all in on the river.\
So what is the 'lowest-hanging fruit' in poker? What concept should you master first to maximize the return on your study time?\
Pot odds are a fundamental concept in poker, representing a risk-reward calculation essential for deciding whether to call. Calculating pot odds involves dividing the amount to call by the pot size after calling. Players need to understand that equity realization can affect this calculation, requiring them to win a certain percentage of the pot, over time, to justify the call.\
Recognize and manage different kinds of tilt triggers such as run bad tilt, entitlement tilt, injustice tilt, revenge tilt, and winner's tilt to improve performance. Take breaks, use logical reasoning, and control your thoughts to reduce losses during poor gameplay.\
Good bankroll management is crucial for achieving long-term success in poker. It ensures players are properly financed for the stakes they play, maximizing their long-term success.\
Added new class: new class - poker variations\
Explanation: This class contains content that introduces and describes the different formats and variations of poker games. It aims to familiarize the reader with the diverse types of poker games available, encouraging them to identify a format that suits their preferences and skills.\
Poker is a type of game with many formats like MTT's, SNG's, cash games, heads up, and fullring games. Players should find the format that suits them best.\
Added new class: new class - poker session review techniques\
Explanation: This class focuses on techniques and strategies for reviewing and analyzing poker sessions. It provides guidance on how to systematically evaluate past games to identify areas for improvement, enhance understanding of game dynamics, and develop better strategic insights for future play.\
The content emphasizes the importance of reviewing poker sessions for incremental improvement. Key techniques include uploading and reviewing sessions using a hand history analyzer, marking and reviewing hands where confusion occurred, using GTO Wizard for in-depth analysis, identifying and fixing major gameplay leaks, and reflecting on both successful and suboptimal hands to enhance strategic understanding.\
Added new class: new class - poker hand analysis\
Explanation: This class contains content that provides detailed analysis of specific poker hands. It focuses on explaining the strategic decisions made during particular poker hands, considering factors such as betting patterns, board texture, and implied odds. The aim is to enhance the reader's understanding of how to approach different hand situations and improve their decision-making in real games.\
The content analyzes a specific poker hand situation where the Button (BTN) calls after the Cutoff (CO) opens. The flop comes 9
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  8
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  7
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  2
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0 , and the BTN bets 75% on the flop and overbets 125% on the turn. The analysis explains that the BTN's turn overbet signifies a strong range, representing two pair or better. The CO's top pair and overpairs are static bluff-catchers in this scenario. However, a hand like A
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 5
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  has implied odds to call, aiming to outdraw BTN's strong range. This allows CO to potentially gain additional money if they hit, while limiting losses when they miss, thus increasing the potential upside of calling.\
Added new class: new class - equity analysis techniques\
Explanation: This class contains content focused on understanding and utilizing equity analysis in poker. It introduces methods for categorizing hands based on their equity and explores strategic insights gained from viewing equity as a distribution rather than a single number. This approach aids in making more informed strategic decisions during gameplay.\
The content describes the concept of 'EQ buckets' which segregates poker hands based on their equity into categories: Best hands (100%-75%), Good hands (75%-50%), Weak hands (50%-33%), and Trash hands (33%-0%). It highlights the advantage of viewing equity as a distribution instead of a single number, allowing for better strategic insight. By grouping similar hands into equity buckets, players can identify polarization in their range and leverage it for strategic advantage, even in seemingly balanced equity situations.\
A backdoor refers to the potential of your hand to develop a draw on the turn. Skilled players pay more attention to backdoor draws than beginners, as they can influence the strategic decisions made during a hand.\
Added new class: new class - variance and expectation management\
Explanation: This class contains content focused on understanding and managing the variance inherent in poker. It provides insights and tools for expectation management and long-term tilt control, helping players cope with the unpredictability and emotional swings of the game.\
Poker involves high variance, making it difficult to predict outcomes. Using a poker variance calculator is recommended to understand the swings better. After 50,000 hands, results can vary significantly due to variance, with expected outcomes ranging widely. This understanding helps in managing expectations and controlling tilt over the long term.\
Entry 1: The first thing you notice about solvers is that they seem to love mixing strategies. Every hand gets thrown into every line. Why is that?\
Entry 2: You should always choose the best strategy.\
\
When a solver mixes between actions, those actions should (theoretically) have the same EV.\
\
That means against an unchanging GTO player, you could pick any of those mixed actions at any frequency and never lose EV.\
\
So why does it bother to mix then?\
Added new class: new class - bluff-catching techniques\
Explanation: This class contains content focused on the techniques and considerations involved in bluff-catching in poker. It aims to help players understand the strategic questions and mental processes necessary when deciding whether to call bluffs, including evaluating pot odds, blocking and unblocking effects, and assessing the opponent's bluff frequency.\
Bluff-catching involves asking key questions: Do you beat a bluff? Are they bluffing often enough to justify a call based on pot odds? Does your hand block their value bets or unblock their bluffs? These considerations are essential for mastering the skill of effectively catching bluffs in poker.\
Added new class: new class - betting strategy techniques\
Explanation: This class contains content focused on the strategic considerations and techniques involved in betting and raising in poker. It explores how the nut advantage influences betting decisions, the impact of bet sizing on opponent's range, and how to effectively extract value from opponents through strategic betting.\
The content discusses the nut advantage, which influences your ability to polarize and dictate bet sizes. Larger bets narrow an opponent's range quickly, emphasizing the importance of ensuring your value bets can successfully extract money from the top of the opponent's range when they decide to call.\
Entry 1: In this BB vs BU SRP scenario, BB is facing a 125% overbet from the button on a Q
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  J
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  7
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  flop. Why is BB folding top pair hands like Q9 and Q8s?\
Added new class: new class - range analysis techniques\
Explanation: This class contains content focused on understanding and utilizing range analysis in poker. It introduces the concept of thinking in ranges and explains different types of ranges, such as polarized, linear, condensed, and merged. This approach aids players in making more informed strategic decisions by considering the structure and composition of their own and their opponents' potential hands.\
The content introduces 'thinking in ranges' as an essential skill for advanced poker players. It explains that ranges can be thought of as structures, rather than visualizing all combinations of starting hands. It defines different types of ranges: a polarized range includes strong and weak hands; a linear range consists of strong to medium hands; a condensed range is mostly medium hands; and a merged range is between polarized and linear ranges.\
Added new class: new class - blocker analysis techniques\
Explanation: This class contains content focused on understanding and utilizing blocker effects in poker. It explores how blockers can influence decision-making by affecting the perceived range of possible hands in play. This analysis helps players make more informed strategic decisions by recognizing when blockers are significant or negligible in a given hand situation.\
Blockers play a varying role in poker decisions. They are significant when ranges are narrow and key cards define value hands or bluffs. Conversely, blockers are less impactful when ranges are wide, spreading value hands and bluffs across many cards. Understanding the influence of blockers is crucial for making informed strategic decisions.\
The content discusses the concept of 'targeting' in poker, where players make a portion of their opponent's range indifferent with their bet sizing. It emphasizes the importance of considering what hand classes to target with a bet and what size will make those hands indifferent between continuing or folding. It provides an example with SB open and BB call on an A
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 Q
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0 7
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0  board, where SB can choose between a 33% block-bet targeting BB's air and a 125% overbet targeting their 2nd and 3rd pair.\
Added new class: new class - GTO concepts and application\
Explanation: This class contains content focused on understanding and applying Game Theory Optimal (GTO) strategies in poker. It explores fundamental GTO principles, such as minimum defense frequency and pot odds, and how these concepts work together to achieve an unexploitable strategy. This class aims to help players develop a balanced approach to poker by understanding GTO implications and applications.\
The content explains the goal of GTO as creating an unexploitable strategy that maximizes profit against optimal counter-strategies. It introduces Minimum Defense Frequency (MDF) and pot odds as related concepts in GTO, explaining their roles in defending ranges and determining calling equity. By calculating MDF and pot odds, players can make informed decisions on whether to call or fold based on equity and strategize against opponents' bluffs efficiently.\
Added new class: new class - threshold analysis techniques\
Explanation: This class contains content focused on understanding and analyzing thresholds in poker. It explores the concept of thresholds in range construction, such as identifying the weakest hand to call, value bet, or fold. This approach aids players in making more informed strategic decisions by determining the critical points in their hand ranges, which guide their overall strategy.\
FINDING THE THRESHOLDS: When thinking in ranges, determine crucial thresholds like the weakest hand to call, value bet, or the strongest hand to fold. Identifying these thresholds helps in constructing your range and guides strategic decisions. Regularly analyze hands with these questions to improve your strategy.\
Added new class: new class - bankroll management techniques\
Explanation: This class contains content focused on effective bankroll management strategies in poker. It provides guidelines on how to manage one's bankroll to minimize risk of ruin and optimize progression through different stake levels. This includes advice on the number of buy-ins needed for various formats, such as cash games and multi-table tournaments (MTTs), and strategies for taking calculated shots at higher stakes.\
Guidelines for bankroll management suggest having 30-50 buy-ins for cash games and at least 100 buy-ins for MTTs. Playing stakes too high for your bankroll increases risk, while being overly conservative can slow progress. Consider taking a 5-8 buy-in shot when ready for the next stake level.\
Added new class: new class - equity realization techniques\
Explanation: This class contains content focused on understanding and applying equity realization concepts in poker. It explores how to evaluate the difference between equity and actual pot share realized in gameplay, helping players make more informed decisions by assessing whether their hands are under-realizing or over-realizing their equity.\
Equity Realization compares your 'pot share' between the equity and expected value of a hand. For example, if a hand has 50% equity, and only wins a quarter of the pot on average, then it's only realizing half of its equity. This hand is said to 'under-realize' its equity.\
There are two types of mistakes in GTO poker; pure mistakes and frequency mistakes. What's the difference?\
Quiz: GUESS THE HAND\
\
Correct answer\
K
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  T
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 \
Added new class: new class - implied odds analysis\
Explanation: This class contains content focused on understanding and utilizing implied odds in poker. It explores how implied odds differ from direct pot odds by considering the potential future value that can be gained from strong draws. This analysis helps players make more informed strategic decisions by assessing the risk/reward balance of hands and determining how much value can be extracted from opponents when favorable outcomes occur.\
Implied odds consider potential future value from strong draws, offering a more favorable risk/reward balance compared to pot odds alone. Key considerations include how often a player's hand can outdraw an opponent's range and the potential money to be gained when hitting a draw.\
Added new class: new class - post-flop analysis\
Explanation: This class contains content focused on analyzing post-flop scenarios in poker. It explores strategic considerations, such as board texture, player positions, and hand ranges, to improve decision-making in post-flop situations. The aim is to help players develop a deeper understanding of how different flop configurations affect strategic choices.\
Analyzes a post-flop scenario in a 6-max cash game where the cutoff opens and the button calls. The flop comes 9
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  8
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  7
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0 , presenting a dynamic board texture with potential straight and flush draws. Key considerations include assessing the ranges of both players, evaluating betting strategies based on board texture, and determining optimal lines for value extraction or bluffing.\
Entry 1: Quiz: WHERE DO POT ODDS AND MDF MEET? Correct answer C: The Golden Ratio (
\f1 \uc0\u934 
\f0 ), 162% pot\
Entry 2: Quiz: WHERE DO POT ODDS AND MDF MEET? Betting exactly the golden ratio (
\f1 \uc0\u934 
\f0 ), ~162% pot, will give your opponent the exact same pot odds% and MDF%, 38%\
Entry 3: The golden ratio is a mathematical constant known for showing up in the most unexpected places.\
\
Let s = bet/pot:\
MDF = 1/(s+1)\
Pot odds = s / (2s + 1)\
Setting these equal to each other, we find the intersection is exactly the golden ratio, 
\f1 \uc0\u934 
\f0 .\
Entry 1: Quiz: Suitedness and Aggression\
\
Which boards are bet more frequently in single-raised pots?\
\

\f2 \uc0\u10084 \u65039 
\f0  
\f2 \uc0\u9830 \u65039 
\f0  
\f2 \uc0\u9827 \u65039 
\f0  Rainbow\

\f2 \uc0\u10084 \u65039 
\f0  
\f2 \uc0\u10084 \u65039 
\f0  
\f2 \uc0\u9827 \u65039 
\f0  Flush draw\

\f2 \uc0\u10084 \u65039 
\f0  
\f2 \uc0\u10084 \u65039 
\f0  
\f2 \uc0\u10084 \u65039 
\f0  Monotone\
\
[NL50 6-Max Cash, 100bb] Which flops should you bet more often? BTN vs BB SRP:\
\
A: Rainbow\
B: Flush draw\
C: Monotone\
Added new class: new class - board texture analysis\
Explanation: This class contains content focused on understanding and analyzing board textures in poker. It explores how different flop configurations affect the strategic decisions of players, particularly in relation to range betting and the distribution of strong hands between players. This analysis helps players make more informed decisions by considering how their range interacts with the board compared to their opponent's range.\
Analyzing board textures to determine range betting opportunities: UTG should avoid range betting on boards with two or more low cards, as these favor BB's range due to potential strong hands.\
Entry 1: Quiz: C-BET SIZING IN 3-BET POTS\
\
BTN vs CO 3Bet Pot\
Not paired XYZ\
Paired XXY\
Tripled XXX\
\
[NL500 6-Max Cash, 100bb] CO opens, BTN 3-bets, CO calls. Which board texture tends to use the largest bet sizes?\
A: Unpaired flops\
B: Paired flops\
C: Tripled flops\
Entry 2: Correct answer B: Paired flops\
Entry 3: In single-raised pots, paired boards often prompt smaller bet sizes which target the air in your opponent's range.\
\
However, in 3-bet pots, your opponent's range consists of less air and more medium strength hands such as pocket pairs.\
\
Instead of targeting their air, you size up to target their medium hands.\
Added new class: new class - backdoor equity analysis\
Explanation: This class focuses on understanding and utilizing backdoor equity in poker. It explores how backdoor draws can enhance a hand's potential by adding 'visibility' to future streets, allowing for more strategic flexibility and improved equity realization. This analysis aids players in making more informed decisions by recognizing and capitalizing on the potential of backdoor draws in various board scenarios.\
Backdoors give your hand better 'visibility', allowing for more strategic flexibility and improved equity realization. For example, on Q
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 7
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0 5
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0 , a hand like T
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 8
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  can turn a draw on any 6, 9, J, or 
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 , providing 19 different turn cards.\
Added new class: new class - monotone flop strategy\
Explanation: This class contains content focused on strategies and considerations for playing poker hands on monotone flops. It explores how holding a flush-card can significantly impact a player's ability to realize equity and defend their range, especially on boards that could develop into 4-flush turn or river runouts.\
Holding a flush-card is crucial on monotone flops as it impacts equity realization and range defense. Hands without flush potential struggle, especially on 4-flush turn/river runouts.\
Added new class: new class - expected value analysis\
Explanation: This class contains content focused on understanding and analyzing expected value (EV) in poker. It explores how EV is calculated relative to folding and how making decisions that are better than folding, even if not necessarily profitable, can be beneficial in the long run. This analysis helps players make more informed strategic decisions by understanding the concept of EV as a measure of the relative strength of different actions.\
The content discusses the concept of expected value (EV) in poker, emphasizing that EV is relative to folding. It highlights that a decision is considered +EV if it results in a better outcome than folding, even if it's not directly profitable. This understanding helps players identify moves that minimize losses and make better strategic decisions.\
Contents of page 42:\
Entry 1:[NL50 6-Max Cash, 100bb] (Hero) calls a 2.5bb BTN open. BB's Q
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0 T
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0  realizes 70% of its equity on a K
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0 T
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 5
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0  flop. What does this actually mean?\
A: Q
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0 T
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0  gets to showdown 70% of the time, therefore \'93realizing\'94 its equity\
B: Q
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0 T
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0  has 70% as much EV as its equity\
C: It\'92s a vague concept without a concrete mathematical definition\
D: Q
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0 T
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0  wins 70% of its equity pot share\
Entry 2:Quiz\
WHAT EXACTLY IS EQUITY REALIZATION?\
Equity Realization\
BTN\
FOLD\
RAISE 2.5\
ALL-IN 100\
SB\
FOLD\
CALL\
RAISE 12\
ALL-IN 100\
BB\
FOLD\
CALL\
RAISE 13\
ALL-IN 100\
FLOP\
K of hearts\
T of diamonds\
5 of spades\
Correct answer\
D: The hand wins 70% of its equity pot share\
Entry 3:Q & A\
What Exactly is Equity Realization?\
\
Where EV pot share is the fraction of the pot you expect to win according to your expected value, and EQ pot share is the fraction of the pot you expect to win according to your equity.\
\
This is a useful metric for understanding the performance of your range and impact of postflop variables!\
Quiz: Exploiting Value Heavy Players\
Check raise bluff\
Your opponent never check-raises bluffs on the river. How should you adjust your betting range?\
A: Bluff more often\
B: Bluff less often\
C: Check back thin value\
D: Bet more thin value\
Correct answer D: Bet more thin value\
Added new class: new class - exploitability and defense techniques\
Explanation: This class contains content focused on understanding and addressing exploitability in poker. It explores strategies to remain unexploitable by mixing actions and how to defend against opponents who attempt to exploit predictable patterns. The content emphasizes the importance of balancing one's range to protect against strategic attacks.\
To remain unexploitable, mix your actions by not always betting strong hands and checking weak hands. This prevents exploitative opponents from overfolding against your bets and attacking your checks.\
Entry 1: Quiz: EXPLOITING TRAPPY PLAYERS\
\
The trick to answering this question is avoiding assumptions about their turn play, and focusing only on their new range vs a baseline GTO range.\
\
Your turn strategy (ought) to be based on a solid GTO baseline. Figure out how they've deviated from that baseline, and adjust accordingly.\
Contents of page 46:\
Entry 1: Find the hidden assumption\
\
The saying 'Your range's strategy affects your hand's strategy' is only true given a certain assumption. What is that assumption?\
\
A: This is only true if your opponent is playing a fixed strategy\
B: This is only true if your opponent is not playing GTO\
C: This is only true if your opponent is playing GTO\
D: This is only true if your opponent is not playing a fixed strategy\
Correct answer: D: This is only true if your opponent is not playing a fixed strategy\
\
Explanation: If your opponent won't change their strategy, then your range construction has no impact on the performance of your individual hand. The hidden assumption is that if you change your range, then your opponent will change their strategy, which in turn affects the performance of your hand. If your opponent will not change their strategy, then you're playing 'your hand vs their strategy' in a vacuum, rather than 'range vs range'.\
Added new class: new class - polarization strategy techniques\
Explanation: This class contains content focused on understanding and applying polarization strategies in poker. It explores how to create ranges that are polarized between very strong hands (the nuts) and bluffs, maximizing pressure on opponents and forcing them to defend with a wide range. This strategy leverages concepts like Minimum Defense Frequency (MDF) to enhance the value of strong hands by betting aggressively across multiple streets (flop, turn, river).\
The content describes a strategy that involves betting aggressively with a polarized range to force opponents to defend broadly according to Minimum Defense Frequency (MDF). The strategy aims to maximize the value of strong hands (the nuts) by betting 54% on the flop, turn, and river.\
Added new class: new class - hand history analysis\
Explanation: This class contains content focused on analyzing specific hand histories in poker games. It involves examining the actions taken by players during a hand, such as betting, calling, and raising, to understand the strategic decisions made. This analysis helps players learn from past hands and improve their decision-making in future games.\
Entry 1: [NL50 6-Max Cash, 100bb] CO opens 2.3bb, BB calls. Flop is 6
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  4
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  2
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0 . CO c-bets 1/3, BB XR 1/2 pot, CO calls. This entry describes the action sequence in a specific hand, providing insights into the betting and raising decisions made by the players on the flop.\
Contents of page 49: Entry 1:[NL50 6-Max Cash, 100bb] BTN opens, BB (hero) calls. Flop is K
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  T
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  5
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0 . BTN either c-bets 33%, 50%, 75% or 125% pot. You call. The turn pairs with a 5
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 . Which line does BB donk more often? A: When BTN has c-bet 33% on the flop B: When BTN has c-bet 50% on the flop C: When BTN has c-bet 75% on the flop D: When BTN has c-bet 125% on the flop Entry 2:Correct answer C: When BTN has c-bet 75% on the flop You donk more often when they've bet 75% pot. Entry 3:The key is to think about the bottom pair imbalance in each line. BTN doesn't use a 75% pot-sized bet with bottom pair very often, but BB continues against 75% with almost all their 5x. Entry 4:The smaller 33% and 50% sizes feature less donking in general, since BTN is will have better board coverage, using this size with many weaker pairs. The overbet starts to fold out many of BB's bottom pair, and BTN actually overbets with 3rd pair as a semi-bluff. For this reason, 75% is the best line to donk bottom pair.\
Added new class: new class - mixing strategy techniques\
Explanation: This class contains content focused on understanding and applying mixing strategies in poker. It explores the importance of mixing actions to remain unexploitable and create robust strategies against opponents. The content emphasizes how different parts of a player's range benefit from varying actions and bet sizes, and how mixing can lead to efficient and less exploitable strategies.\
The content discusses the importance of mixing actions in poker to remain unexploitable. It highlights that mixed actions theoretically have the same expected value (EV) against GTO strategies, emphasizing that GTO does not mix for gaining EV or to be difficult to play against. It points out that frequency mistakes can be exploited, so it's crucial to mix appropriately to construct unexploitable ranges. The content also notes that complex game trees often require more mixing to achieve robust strategies.\
Entry 2 and Entry 3 consist of a quiz about calculating expected value in a poker situation. The correct answer is that the Hero should check back. The explanation includes the calculation of expected values for both checking and betting: \
\
EV (Check) = 70% * 10bb = 7bb\
\
EV (Bet) = 50% (EV when villain folds) + 30% (EV when villain calls) + 20% (EV when villain raises and we fold)\
\
EV (Bet) = 50%(10bb) + 30%(6.5bb) + 20% (-10bb) = 4.95bb\
\
This indicates that checking back has a higher expected value (7bb) compared to betting (4.95bb).\
Added new class: new class - bet sizing strategy techniques\
Explanation: This class contains content focused on understanding and applying bet sizing strategies in poker. It explores how different bet sizes can be used to target specific parts of an opponent's range and maximize value extraction. The content emphasizes the strategic use of varying bet sizes, such as block-bets and overbets, to enhance the efficiency and effectiveness of one's overall range.\
The strategy involves using block-bets with top pair hands and overbets with flushes to maximize value from different parts of an opponent's range. River bet sizes are often split to enhance the efficiency of your range.\
Contents of page 53:\
Entry 1:[NL50 6-Max Cash, 100bb] opens, BB calls. Flop is A
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 2
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 2
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0 . Why do the weakest underpairs bet more often? A: For protection B: To deny equity C: Because the value of fold equity is higher when holding these hands D: To charge draws and overcards\
Entry 2:Not all fold equity has the same value\
Correct answer\
C: Because the value of fold equity is higher with these hands\
All answers are "somewhat" correct in a vague sense, but C: is the most accurate reason.\
Entry 3:We often think of fold equity as a single value. But not all fold equity is created equally. Let's compare the equity of these underpairs against the equity of villain's folding range.\
One of the crucial questions to consider when assessing the implied odds of your hand is whether it has the potential to draw to the nuts. Having nut potential enables you to extract more value from your opponents when you complete your draw.\
Quiz: PRISONERS DILEMMA\
\
Board: Q
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  J
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  T
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  A
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  2
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0 \
Hand: A
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  K
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0 \
\
The board is Q
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  J
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  T
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  A
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  2
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0 . The pot is 7.5bb. Villain leads the river 5.5bb. If you raise your opponent only calls with a straight. Should you raise A
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  K
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0 ? Does your answer change if we change the rake structure?\
\
A: Always raise, you have the nuts\
B: Never raise, you chop with any hand that calls and pay more rake\
C: Raise in 50NL, Flat in 500NL\
D: Flat in 50NL, Raise in 500NL\
\
50NL rake = 5% capped at 4 bb\
500NL rake = 5% capped at 0.6 bb\
\
Correct answer\
D: Flat in 50NL, Raise in 500NL\
\
The dilemma is that your opponent can force you to pay more rake by shoving their straights, and in most cases you still need to call. In 50NL, the rake caps out in 80bb+ pots. Raising the nuts becomes a -EV strategy if you only get called by other straights and pay more rake overall.\
\
In 500NL, the rake caps out in 12bb+ pots, so you're already paying maximum rake by calling. Therefore raising and calling has the same EV.\
\
Raising is a weakly dominant strategy, since it has at least the same EV against villain's best response, and potentially more EV against a mistake.\
Entry 1:Quiz: OVERFOLDING AND MDF\
\
Why does the GTO solution tend to overfold (relative to MDF) out of position in the BB?\
\
A: Because checking back is more valuable in position\
B: Because BB was given a discount to enter the pot preflop, so they can overfold postflop\
C: It's harder to realize equity out of position\
D: Because IP's range is too strong for BB to handle\
Entry 2:Quiz: OVERFOLDING AND MDF\
Correct answer\
A: Checking back is more valuable in position\
B: is a common idea, but blind vs blind analysis shows that BB defends extremely close to MDF on average postflop, despite having a capped range and a discount to enter the pot preflop.\
Entry 3:The value of checking is always relative to betting. When checking becomes more valuable, that shifts the line of indifference.\
Entry 1: Quiz: EFFECTS OF STACK DEPTH\
As stacks get deeper, all of the following statements are true except one. Find the lie.\
A: IP's edge will increase\
B: Nut advantage has a bigger impact on the optimal strategy\
C: The value of premium hands increases preflop\
D: Implied odds, and reverse implied odds get magnified\
\
Entry 2: Quiz: EFFECTS OF STACK DEPTH\
Correct answer\
C: "The value of premium hands increases preflop" is False\
\
Entry 3: While AA might gain value, most of your premiums like TT-KK, AK will actually lose significant EV preflop. This is because as stacks get deeper, the value of big pairs usually decreases. It becomes harder to get stacks in preflop, and these hands have poor drawing chances postflop.\
Entry 1: [NL500 6-Max Cash, 100bb] In this spot, BTN has opened and double barreled flop/turn on 3
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  3
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0  9
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  J
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0 . Hero called all streets in the BB. The GTO Strategy is to range-check the river. How would hero's strategy change if they only had quads on the river, and villain continued to play the same strategy as before?\
Entry 2: Solvers are simply EV maximizing algorithms. This may seem surprising, but range-checking maximizes the value of quads against the original IP strategy. Since IP hasn't changed their strategy, range-checking continues to be the best option. Since IP isn't adapting to our pure-quads range, trapping is the highest EV move.\
The content discusses a polarization strategy where the hero's range consists of either the nuts or bluffs, while the villain's range includes bluff-catchers. The hero shoves 75% pot on the river and aims to balance their value bets and bluffs to make the opponent indifferent to calling or folding. This involves bluffing 30% of the time, based on the villain's pot odds requiring 30% equity to call. This strategy forces the villain to be indifferent to calling with their bluff-catchers, optimizing the hero's strategic approach.\
Entry 1: Quiz: WHAT'S THE DIFFERENCE?\
Entry 1: Quiz: EXPLOSIVE FLOPS\
Correct answer\
D: 6
\f2 \uc0\u9830 \u65039 
\f0  3
\f2 \uc0\u9824 \u65039 
\f0  2
\f2 \uc0\u9827 \u65039 
\f0  is the most explosive!\
Entry 1: [8-Max MTT, 25bb] LJ opens, BTN calls. T
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  9
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  8
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 . LJ c-bets 50% pot, BTN calls. Turn 9
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0 . LJ Checks, BTN bets 25%. Which of these hands shouldn't shove?\
\
A: Q
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  J
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  (Straight)\
B: A
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  A
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  (Overpair)\
C: 9
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  9
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0  (Quads)\
D: K
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  9
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  (Trips)\
\
Entry 2: Correct answer\
C: 9
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  9
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0  (Quads)\
Quads should never shove here, although it can raise small sometimes.\
\
Entry 3: Holding 99 decreases their calling range from 57% to 51%, as we block all the trips and most boats that call.\
\
Shoving quads loses value against worse hands that may bet the river.\
Entry 1:[HU SNG] Given the option to limp, min-raise, or shove, at what stack depth does the SB stop using a min-raise?\
\
What stack depth should SB stop min-raising? What stack depth should SB switch to a pure push/fold strategy?\
\
A: 15bb / 9bb\
B: 13.5bb / 8.5bb\
C: 12bb / 8bb\
D: 11bb / 5bb\
Entry 2:WHEN TO START PUSH-FOLDING?\
Correct answer\
D: 11bb / 5bb\
The solver stops min-raising at 11bb and switches to a pure push/fold at 5bb.\
Entry 3:It may surprise many players to see that push/fold strategies are not preferred until stacks get quite short.\
\
This is because the option to limp allows SB to offer a bad price on a shove while entering the pot with many hands.\
\
If you remove the option to limp, the SB switches to a push/fold strategy much deeper.\
Added new class: new class - setmining strategy techniques\
Explanation: This class contains content focused on the strategy and considerations involved in setmining with small pocket pairs in poker. It explores how to effectively leverage the potential of hitting a set in multiway pots, particularly considering factors like position, pot odds, and opponent tendencies. This analysis helps players maximize the expected value (EV) from small pocket pairs by understanding when setmining is most profitable.\
The ability to setmine gives small pocket pairs excellent EV retention in multiway pots. Most hands lose value going 3-ways to a flop out of position.\
Entry 1: [8-Max MTT, 30bb] CO opens 2.1bb, folds to BB. Why does BB prefer shoving 22 and 3betting smaller with AA?\
Entry 2: Correct answer\
\
AA blocks more calls and has less incentive to generate fold equity. Furthermore, CO will 4-bet shove facing a smaller raise with most hands that call a 3-bet shove anyway.\
Entry 3: Shoving AA is considered a 1.43bb mistake. In fact, calling appears to be higher EV than shoving AA. 22, on the other hand, always prefers to raise, with shoving 0.08bb higher than a smaller 3-bet, and 0.17bb higher than a call.\
Entry 2:[NL500 6-Max Cash, 100bb] BTN vs BB 4BP. Flop is 8
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  4
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0  2
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0 . Which hand is least valuable for BB in this spot?\
\
A: A
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  2
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 \
B: T
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  T
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 \
C: 5
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  4
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0 \
D: 6
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0  5
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0 \
\
Entry 3:Correct answer\
B: T
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  T
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 \
TT is the least valuable hand. In fact, most overpairs are less valuable than other pairs or draws.\
\
Entry 4:Consider what BTN's value range looks like. It's mostly JJ+ overpairs.\
\
BB needs to consider their outs against this value range.\
\
Entry 5:Board pairs like 2x, 4x, or 8x have 5 outs to draw to two pair or a trips. An open-ender has 8 outs to outdraw these overpairs. A hand like TT only has two outs against the value range. For this reason, medium overpairs like 99/TT/JJ tend to have lower EV than other pairs or draws.\
Entry 1: [NL50 6-Max Cash, 100bb] CO vs BB SRP, flop & turn check through, BB leads the river. Why does CO raise KK with a spade, but just calls KK without a spade?\
\
A: K
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  blocks the missed flush draw\
B: K
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  unblocks calls\
C: K
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  blocks 3-bets\
D: K
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  blocks folds\
Entry 2: BB bets most of their K
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  on the turn, so their top pair hands mostly don't contain a K
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  in this line.\
\
KK wants to get called by worse, and the BB mostly calls the raise with top pair. Therefore, holding the king of spades is desirable with a value hand, as you block fewer calls.\
[25-25-25, Spin] BTN opens 2bb, BB calls. BTN c-bets 1.5bb, BB raises 8.5bb. What hand class can BTN shove for value?\
The content discusses the concept of equity realization in poker, specifically how much of your raw equity you will actually realize in gameplay. It highlights the strategic decision-making involved in choosing a c-bet strategy, using KQo, AA, JTo, and K7o as examples to explore polarized c-betting and the role of blockers. K7o is noted for having better blockers than KQo, influencing continuation range decisions. The analysis emphasizes how betting KQ can fold out dominated hands like weaker Kx and Qx, allowing for value extraction on future streets.\
Entry 1:[8-Max MTT, 20bb] Folds to SB who limps. Action on BB. Why does BB prefer to shove with A2o and raise smaller with ATo+? Entry 2:A2o would much rather generate folds than calls. The stack depth is low enough that BB can establish a shoving range, however, a valuable hand like ATo would rather keep SB's calling range wide.\
Added new class: new class - donking strategy techniques\
Explanation: This class contains content focused on understanding and applying donking strategies in poker, particularly in 3-bet pots on low boards. It explores the strategic considerations and advantages of leading out with a bet in situations where the board texture or range dynamics might favor the caller rather than the aggressor. This analysis helps players recognize when donking can be a profitable strategy by leveraging board and range advantages.\
The content discusses the strategy of donking in 3-bet pots on low boards, highlighting how certain board cards like a 4 or 5 can provide a nut advantage to the caller (CO), allowing them to lead out with a bet. An Ace, however, is more beneficial to the original aggressor due to their top-heavy range.\
[NL500 6-Max Cash] UTG opens 2, BB 3bets 12. How should UTG adjust their strategy as the stack depth increases from 100bb to 150bb to 200bb? A: Call more, raise less, fold less B: Call more, raise more, fold less C: Call less, raise less, fold more D: Call less, raise more, fold more\
Contents of page 73:\
Entry 1:[8-Max MTT, 40bb] LJ opens 2.3, BTN raises 6.9, LJ calls. Flop is J
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  9
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  2
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 . BTN c-bets 25%, action on LJ. Which hand makes the most sense to shove with?\
\
A: J
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  J
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0 \
B: Q
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  T
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 \
C: A
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  J
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0 \
D: A
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  J
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0 \
Entry 2:Correct answer\
D: A
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  J
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0 \
All other hands prefer to simply call.\
Entry 3:AJo without a heart has significantly more to gain by shoving than the other hands.\
\
A heart J clubs has great equity realization, as holding the heart allows it to continue across most runouts.\
\
J spades J clubs is too strong to shove. It would rather keep villain's range wide, and has the unfortunate effect of blocking many hands that would call a shove.\
\
Q hearts T hearts may look like a draw, but it's actually ahead of 60% of BTN's range. This hand prefers to leverage the implied odds of a call rather than force fold equity with a shove.\
[Spin & Go, 25-25-25] SB opens 3, BB calls. Flop is 8
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  7
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  5
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  and checks through. Which turn card should SB lead most often?\
\
A: 6
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0 \
B: 9
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0 \
C: Q
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 \
D: A
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0 \
Entry 1 presents a poker scenario asking which flop is closest to a range-bet for HJ in a specific game situation (NL500 6-Max Cash, 100bb). The options are: A: K
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  Q
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  2
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0 , B: A
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  A
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0  T
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 , C: A
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  Q
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  2
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0 , D: A
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  J
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  8
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 . Entry 3 explains that HJ has more Kx in their range compared to BTN, giving HJ a bigger advantage on King high flops. Entry 4 further explains that King-x top pair is more inclined to bet for protection than Ace-x top pair, highlighting a strategic consideration on King-x boards.\
Entry 1:[NL500 6-Max Cash, 100bb] BTN opens 2.5, SB 3-bets 12, BB 4-bets 23, BTN folds, SB calls. How often should BB c-bet the flop on average? A: 40% B: 55% C: 70% D: 90%+ Entry 2: Spots COLD 4-BET FLOP TRENDS Correct answer D: 92.7%\
The content discusses a scenario involving donk shoving on rivered boards where a significant portion of the player's (CO) range includes 8-x hands, giving them a substantial advantage in terms of boats and better hands compared to the opponent (BTN). The analysis highlights how the CO's range significantly overlaps with strong hand potential on rivered 8s, making donk shoving a strategically viable option. Additionally, it notes that the value of flushes and overpairs diminishes on double-paired boards, and there is only a 55% pot-sized bet remaining, influencing strategic decisions.\
Entry 1:[NL500 6-Max Cash, 100bb] CO opens, BB calls. Flop is A
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  J
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  2
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0 . Which set has the highest EV? Why?\
\
A: AA\
B: JJ\
C: 22\
Entry 1:[Spin & Go, 25-9-25] BTN opens 2, SB (shortstack) calls, action on BB. How should BB construct their squeezing range?\
\
A: Polarized\
B: Merged\
C: Linear\
D: Depolarized\
\
Entry 3: In this case, the short-stacked (9bb) SB has to call quite wide given the pot odds, which means BB can get more value with the top of their range, and less fold equity with bluffs.\
Entry 1:[MTT 20bb] HJ opens 2, BB calls. Checks down to river, 8
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  7
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  6
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  J
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  Q
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0 . BB leads the river for 155% pot. Which hand class should HJ consider shoving for value?\
\
A: Overpair+\
B: Two pair+\
C: Sets+\
D: Only Straights\
Entry 2:Spots FINDING THE VALUE LINE IN CHECKED DOWN POTS\
Entry 3:The easiest way to measure the "value line" is to find hands which have at least 50% equity against BB's felting range. That is to say, when we shove and get called, which hands are ahead? The weakest hand that can shove for value is Q7. BB calls with many worse 2-pair hands such as J8/J7/78.\
Entry 1:[NL500 6-Max Cash, 100bb] CO opens 2.3, BB calls. Checks down to river. The board runs out J
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  8
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  7
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  3
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0  9
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0 . What's the strongest hand BTN should consider checking back with? A: A
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0  A
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  B: 9
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0  8
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0  C: 9
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  9
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  D: Q
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  J
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0 \
Entry 2: Two pair+ ought to bet for value despite the dangerous runout. Ranges are wide enough in this line. A
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0  A
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  is actually weaker than Q
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  J
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  on this board due to the lack of flush/straight blockers.\
Entry 1:[HU Cash, 100bb] SB (IP) opens, BB 3-bets, SB 4-bets, BB calls. Flop is 5
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  4
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  3
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0 . BB donks 15%, SB calls. Turn 8
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 . BB leads 30%. Which hand should SB consider shoving? (50% pot-sized shove)\
\
A: A
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  K
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0 \
B: T
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  T
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0 \
C: K
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0  K
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0 \
D: K
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  K
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0 \
Entry 2:Spots: Donking HU 4-Bet Pots\
Correct answer: B: T
\f2 \uc0\u9824 \u65039 
\f0  T
\f2 \uc0\u9827 \u65039 
\f0 \
Entry 3:When SB shoves with Ten of spades Ten of clubs and gets called, they only have 30% equity. Vulnerable medium-strength hands often fast-play to realize equity in low SPR scenarios. TT is the most vulnerable hand of these options, and cannot call a shove on the majority of rivers.\
Added new class: new class - flop shoving strategy in Spin & Go\
Explanation: This class contains content focused on evaluating and executing flop shoving strategies in Spin & Go poker formats. It explores strategic considerations for choosing hands to shove for value or as semi-bluffs on the flop, particularly in situations involving shallow stacks and wide ranges. This approach helps players optimize their decision-making by assessing hand strength and potential fold equity in these high-pressure, short-stack scenarios.\
The content discusses flop shoving strategies in Spin & Go formats, focusing on when and why to shove with various hand classes. It highlights that top pair is often ideal for generating fold equity while still being able to extract value from worse hands. At shallow stack depths, stronger hands like two pair and straights may be more profitable as slow plays. Semi-bluffs with straight draws are also considered for shoving, but these are typically not for value.\
Entry 1: There is one bet size that gives your opponent the same minimum defense frequency as their pot odds %. What bet size is that?\
[Cash/MTT 100bb] CO opens 2.3bb, action on BB. Why does BB call so much wider in MTTs compared to cash games? COMPARING MTT AND CASH MTTs have antes and don't have rake. BB only needs to capture 21% of the pot in an MTT, but they need 29% in a cash game. In summary, BB defends more hands in MTTs because they get better pot odds.\
Entry 1:[HU Cash, 100bb] SB (IP) opens 2.5, BB calls. Flop is A
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  J
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  T
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0 . SB overbets 150% pot. Which of these hands should BB consider calling?\
\
A: 4
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  4
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0 \
B: T
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  9
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 \
C: K
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0  2
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0 \
D: K
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  9
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0 \
\
Entry 2:DEFENDING AGAINST OVERBET FLOPS IN HU POTS\
When facing polarized attacks, the ability to outdraw value becomes more important than raw hand strength.\
\
Entry 3:Villain will continue to apply pressure on later streets, so draws tend to overperform compared to medium made hands. K
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0 2
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0  has a gutshot and a BDFD, which performs better against the top of villain's range than the other 3 hands.\
On flush-completing turns, the Big Blind (BB) often leads out with a bet (donks) because the overbet on the turn narrows their range. This strategy results in a higher proportion of flush draws in the BB's range after calling the flop bet.\
Entry 1: BTN (hero) opens, BB calls. Flop is K
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  8
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  8
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0 . BTN bets 1bb on the flop, BB calls. Turn is the A
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0 , checks through. River is the 3
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0 , BB bets 85%. BTN holds KQo. Would you rather bluff-catch with or without the Q
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 ?\
\
A: Prefer to call with the Q
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 \
B: Prefer not to have the Q
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 \
\
Entry 2: The Q
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  blocks missed flush draws in BB's range. This means BB is more likely to hold a value hand because we block their bluffs.\
The content discusses the strategic implications of flush draw blockers in poker. It highlights that holding a flush draw blocker can affect how often you get called by an opponent. For value hands like AA, not holding a flush draw blocker is beneficial as it increases the likelihood of being called by worse hands. Conversely, for bluff hands like AJo, holding a flush draw blocker is advantageous as it reduces the chance of being called, aiding in generating folds.\
The content discusses how different board textures influence betting strategies. On rainbow boards, bets are more frequent due to the big blind's difficulty in realizing equity. On draw-heavy boards, there's a risk of inflating the pot with medium-strength hands. Flush draw flops are bet less frequently with larger sizes, while monotone flops see the least frequent bets with very small sizes.\
Contents of page 92:\
Entry 1:[NL500 6-Max Cash, 100bb] BTN opens 2.5 BB calls. Flop is Q
\f2 \uc0\u9829 \u65039 
\f0 9
\f2 \uc0\u9824 \u65039 
\f0 7
\f2 \uc0\u9830 \u65039 
\f0 .\
Why does BTN prefer a smaller bet size with QQ and a larger bet size with KK?\
\
A: Blockers\
B: Vulnerability\
C: Hand strength\
D: Implied odds\
Entry 2:Correct answer\
A: Blockers\
Added new class: new class - shortstack play techniques\
Explanation: This class contains content focused on strategies and techniques for playing poker with a short stack. It explores how to effectively manage and make decisions when having a limited number of chips, including considerations for bet sizing, applying pressure, and responding to opponents' actions. The content aims to help players optimize their approach to shortstack play by understanding the trade-offs and strategic adjustments required in these scenarios.\
The content discusses strategies for 3-bet sizing when shortstacked, highlighting the balance between applying pressure on opponents and avoiding giving them a favorable price on a shove. It also covers decision-making for HJ's 4-betting hands, which involves choosing between an uncomfortable large pot-sized shove or a min-raise.\
The content discusses adjusting the Raise First In (RFI) strategy when dealing with short-stacked opponents, specifically focusing on using hands with better blockers. It highlights the importance of shifting to hands like Ace-x/King-x to block opponents' potential ranges, and the necessity for the Button (BTN) to call all-in shoves from the Big Blind (BB) due to pot odds. This strategy involves using a range that both blocks and is capable of calling shoves effectively.\
Added new class: new class - deep stack strategy techniques\
Explanation: This class contains content focused on strategies and considerations when playing deep-stacked in poker. It explores how stack depth affects decision-making, particularly in multiway pots and situations involving squeezes. The content emphasizes understanding how stack size influences equity realization, implied odds, and the strategic adjustments needed to optimize play with larger stacks.\
The content discusses the strategic considerations for the Small Blind (SB) when facing a squeeze with deep stacks. It highlights that SB folds 76% when the Button (BTN) folds, but if the BTN calls, SB gets better pot odds but has lower equity realization in a three-way pot. Low and medium pocket pairs in SB's range retain excellent expected value (EV) due to set mining potential, especially with high implied odds deep-stacked. Consequently, SB plays a wider range when BTN calls and a tighter range when BTN folds.\
The content discusses strategies for short-stacked play, particularly focusing on the comparison between raise/fold and limp/raise/fold strategies. It highlights that while limping allows wider hand continuation, the overall return of the strategy is more important. Adding limps can add value to the middle and bottom of a player's range, whereas the raise/fold strategy benefits the top of the range at the cost of the rest.\
Contents of page 98:\
Entry 1:[HU Cash, 100bb] Let's examine two hands within a HU opening range - K7o and 43s. Both of these hands have 0.22 EV. Which of these hands derive more of their EV from stealing the blinds? Which of these hands derive more EV from postflop play?\
Entry 2:WHERE DOES EV COME FROM? Correct answer C: K7o derives more EV from stealing the blinds, 43s derives more EV from postflop play\
Entry 3:WHERE DOES EV COME FROM?\
\
This is something of a trick question - both hands have the same EV facing a call.\
\
K7o has better blockers. We expect BB to continue less often when we hold K7.\
Entry 4:However, this hand has poor equity realization postflop, and can\'92t call a raise.\
\
43s has poor blockers - we actually expect to get called and raised more when holding this hand.\
\
43s has better equity realization postflop, and can continue facing a raise.\
Contents of page 99:\
Entry 1:[NL500 6-Max Cash, 100bb] UTG opens 2.5, HJ (Hero) raises to 7.5, BTN raises to 15, UTG folds. Action on HJ. Which hand has the most EV?\
A: 6
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0 5
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0 \
B: A
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0 5
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0 \
C: K
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0 Q
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0 \
D: J
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0 J
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0 \
Entry 2:A5s/KQs/JJ are all dominated by BTN's range. These hands have poor reverse implied odds postflop.\
\
KQ and A5 are often dominated by AK if they make a pair, while JJ is often dominated by better overpairs on low flops.\
Entry 3:65s, however, doesn't compete for the same kinds of made hands postflop, so it has better implied odds against the top of BTN's range.\
\
In fact, 65s has the most equity of any hand against AA.\
\
It's also worth noting that the deck tends to contain more low cards at this point due to the bunching effect.\
The content discusses strategies for playing baby flush draws on monotone flops. It notes that hands with lower flush cards, like 96o/86o with the 6
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 , are folding, while hands with an 8
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  or higher continue. The 7
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  is a key card that can be indifferent to raises, depending on its combination with other flush cards. Understanding these dynamics on monotone flops can help players make better strategic decisions.\
[Spin & Go, 25-25-25] BTN opens 2, BB calls. How often should BTN c-bet the flop? A: 53% B: 63% C: 73% D: 83%\
\
Correct answer\
\
D: 83%\
\
BTN should c-bet 83% of the time on the flop.\
\
BB's preflop calling range is extremely wide given that they only have to call 1bb.\
\
This leads to a high-frequency c-bet, targeting all that air, as BB is usually unable to defend wide enough.\
Contents of page 102:\
Entry 1:[8-Max MTT, 30bb] CO (Hero) opens 33 for 2.1, BTN calls, blinds fold. Flop is A
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 7
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 7
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0 . You check, BTN bets 20% pot. What's your play?\
\
A: Fold\
B: Call\
C: Raise\
Entry 2:Consider how wide you need to defend against this small 20% pot-sized bet, and where 33 sits in your range.\
\
More than half your range is worse than 33.\
Entry 3:If you were to start folding weak pocket pairs here you'd be folding upwards of 2/3 of your range to this tiny bet, and would be extremely exploitable to bluffs.\
\
CO should defend all made hands against this size on all but the worst flops.\
Entry 1:[NL50 6-Max Cash, 100bb] UTG opens 2bb, BB calls. Flop is A
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  J
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  4
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 . UTG c-bets 33% pot, which hand should BB continue with most often? A: J
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  8
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  B: K
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  Q
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  C: 8
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  7
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  D: 9
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  9
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0 \
Entry 2:[NL50 Cash Game, 100bb] BTN opens 2.5, BB calls. Flop is 5 of diamonds, 4 of clubs, 3 of clubs. BB plays a simplified strategy and never donk bets. How wide should BTN c-bet?\
A: 65%\
B: 50%\
C: 35%\
D: 20%\
Entry 3:Flop: C-BETTING LOW CONNECTED BOARDS\
Correct answer D: 20%\
Entry 4:This board favors the BB, not the BTN. If we compare this to a situation where BB has a donking range, we'd see a lot more betting. However, because BB never leads BTN needs to play a lot more cautiously.\
Contents of page 104:\
Entry 1:[NL50 Cash Game, 200bb] CO opens 2.5, BB calls. Flop is T
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  9
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  9
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0 . CO c-bets 33%, action on you in the BB. Which hand would you rather call?\
\
A: Q
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  J
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0 \
B: A
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  3
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 \
C: 2
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  2
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0 \
D: 8
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  6
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0 \
Entry 2:Defending the BB Deepstacked\
Entry 3:CO's betting range consists of 33% top pair+, so having overcards to the Ten along with straight draw outs gives Q
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  J
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0  the edge needed to call. This hand also blocks more value within CO's range compared to the other 3 hands.\
The content discusses the importance of identifying threshold hands in poker strategy, particularly in the context of defending against different bet sizes in 3-bet pots. It highlights how specific hands, like pocket twos, can transition from being a strong continuation to a marginal bluff catcher based on bet size, emphasizing the role of pricing in decision-making.\
Contents of page 106: Entry 1: [NL500 6-Max Cash, 100bb] opens 2.5bb, SB 3-bets to 12bb. You call the BTN with KTs. You started this hand with 100bb. The expected value of calling the 3-bet with KTs is 1.41bb. What is the expected value of your stack after calling the 3-bet? A: 101.41 bb (starting stack + EV) B: 103.91 bb (starting stack - 2.5 bet + EV) C: 98.91 bb (starting stack - 2.5 bet + EV) D: 90.5 bb (starting stack - 12bb 3bet + EV) Entry 2: [HU Cash, 100bb] SB opens 2.5, BB calls. Flop is A
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  J
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  T
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0 . SB overbets 150% pot. Which hand would you rather call with in the BB? A: Q
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  8
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  B: T
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  6
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  C: K
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  8
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  D: J
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  2
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0  Entry 3: Correct answer A: Q
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  8
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  Entry 4: When facing an overbet it's important to think about your ability to outdraw the top of their range. Marginal pairs like J2 and T6 often won't perform well against the top of villain's range due to poor reverse implied odds. A hand like Q
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  8
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  has 8 outs to a straight, giving it the implied odds to draw on the flop.\
Contents of page 107 include a quiz question on the expected value (EV) concept in poker, specifically relating to decision-making in terms of all-in, raise, call, or fold actions. The correct answer indicates that the expected average stack size is 98.91 big blinds.\
Entry 1:[8-Max MTT, 25bb] LJ opens, BB calls. Flop is Q
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  Q
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  2
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0 . LJ c-bets 25%, BB raises to 4.9bb. Which turn card should BB barrel most often? Which turn card should BB check most often? A: Barrel on a Q, check on a 2 B: Barrel on a 2, check on a Q\
Entry 2: Correct answer B: Barrel on a 2, check on a Q\
Entry 3: LJ doesn\'92t have 2\'92s in their range, but they have plenty of Queen-x hands. BB check-raises bottom pair on the flop as a merged semi-bluff. These get upgraded to trips on a turned 2. The turned Queen reduces BB's trips.\
Contents of page 109:\
Entry 1: Quiz: LINEAR VS POLARIZED 3-BETTING\
BTN opens, action's on you in the BB. For some reason, your opponent will never call a 3-bet, opting to raise/fold instead. How should you adjust your sizing and 3-betting range?\
A: 3-bet smaller with a linear range\
B: 3-bet smaller with a polarized range\
C: 3-bet larger with a linear range\
D: 3-bet larger with a polarized range\
Entry 2: [Spin & Go, 16-16-16] BTN open 2, BB call. Flop is 7
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  6
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  4
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0 . BB donks 33%, BTN call. Turn J
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0 , BB bets 33%. Which hand should shove for value?\
A: 7
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  7
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0 \
B: A
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  A
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0 \
C: K
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0  7
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0 \
D: A
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  J
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0 \
Entry 3: DOUBLE DONK DISS\
BTN facing turn bet\
Correct answer\
D: A
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  J
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0 \
Entry 4: Sets and AA are too strong to shove. These hands extract more value keeping villain's range wide.\
K
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0  7
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0  is too weak to shove for value. A
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  J
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  is strong enough to shove, and just vulnerable enough to generate enough fold equity to make shoving worthwhile.\
Entry 1: Quiz on LINEAR VS POLARIZED 3-BETTING with the correct answer being to 3-bet smaller with a polarized range.\
Entry 2 involves a hand scenario in a Heads-Up Sit and Go (HU SnG) with 20 big blinds. The correct answer for which hand should bet on the turn A
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  is A
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  J
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0 . Entry 3 discusses Delayed C-Betting in Limped Pots, with A
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  J
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0  being the correct answer.\
Entry 1: [500NL 6-max Cash, 100bb] CO open 2.3, BB calls. Flop is A
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  K
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  6
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0 . CO overbets 125% pot, BB calls. Turn is 7
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0 . What's the weakest top pair CO can overbet for value on the turn?\
\
A: AQ\
B: AJ\
C: AT\
D: A9\
Entry 2: Turn: DOUBLE OVERBET DILIGENCE\
\
Correct answer: C: AT\
Entry 3: The above chart displays your equity when called on the turn. A9 is behind, while AT is just barely ahead of the calling range.\
\
A9 is better played as a check or smaller bet.\
Added new class: new class - trip board turn strategy\
Explanation: This class contains content focused on strategic considerations and techniques for playing poker on trip boards during the turn. It explores the dynamics of board texture and range interactions when the turn card contributes to a board with three of a kind, particularly how these factors influence betting and calling strategies for both in-position and out-of-position players.\
The content discusses turn strategy on boards where a three-of-a-kind is present, highlighting an Ace-x imbalance that favors the Big Blind's range. The Big Blind (BB) benefits from a range imbalance due to the Button (BTN) range-betting the flop while the BB only calls with top-heavy cards and pocket pairs, creating a strategic advantage for the BB on trip boards.\
Entry 1:[HU Cash, 100bb] SB (IP) opens 2.5, BB calls. Flop is A
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  K
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  2
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0 . Flop checks through. Turn is the 2
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 . Why does BB employ a 400% overbet?\
A: The 2 gives BB a massive equity and range advantage\
B: SB capped themselves by checking back the flop\
C: The 2 gives the BB the nut advantage\
D: Blockers prevent SB from raising aggressively\
Entry 1: [8-Max MTT, 40bb] BTN vs CO 3-bet pot. BTN cbets 25% on the flop, 50% on the turn, checks to BTN on the river. The board runs out Q
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  J
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  T
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  2
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0  K
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0 . There's a half-pot shove behind. What's the strongest hand you check back?\
\
A: KK\
B: KQo\
C: 99\
D: K8s\
\
Entry 2: River - Checking Back the River\
\
Entry 3: More than half of both ranges are straights at this point.\
\
Hands like sets and two pair are marginal medium-strength at best, and should check back to realize their equity. Top pair (K8s) is actually a bluff.\
[8-Max MTT 40bb] SB limps, BB checks. Players check to the river, A
\f2 \uc0\u9830 \u65039 
\f0 Q
\f2 \uc0\u9824 \u65039 
\f0  4
\f2 \uc0\u9829 \u65039 
\f0  7
\f2 \uc0\u9827 \u65039 
\f0  J
\f2 \uc0\u9830 \u65039 
\f0 . SB bets 1/3 pot (1bb). What's the weakest hand class BB can raise for value? A: Flush B: Two pair C: Top Pair D: Second Pair\
Which bluff catcher has the best blockers? A: 5
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  5
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0 , B: A
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  K
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0 , C: Q
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  7
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0 , D: 5
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  4
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0 . Explanation: BB's shoving range is polarized to full houses and trash, so all bluff-catchers less than a boat are close to indifferent. Raw hand strength is less important than blockers. AK unblocks bluffs, as BB shouldn't be shoving top pair. AK also blocks AA and AJ, if BB traps with these hands preflop.\
Entry 1:[HU Cash, 100bb] SB (IP) vs BB 3-bet pot. The board runs out 9 of diamonds, 3 of spades, 3 of clubs, Q of hearts, T of clubs. BB bets half-pot on the flop and turn, then shoves 75% on the river. What's the strongest hand SB can fold?\
\
A: Straight\
B: Trips\
C: Top pair\
D: Second Pair\
Entry 2:River: TRIPLE BARREL DEFENSE IN 3BP\
Correct answer\
D: Second Pair\
Entry 3:The lower the SPR, the wider you need to defend.\
\
Considering how few nutted hands are possible, something like top pair bottom kicker is too valuable to fold here.\
Entry 1:[500NL, 6-Max Cash Game, 100bb] BTN vs SB 4BP. The board runs out K
\f2 \uc0\u9829 \u65039 
\f0 7
\f2 \uc0\u9830 \u65039 
\f0 7
\f2 \uc0\u9827 \u65039 
\f0 9
\f2 \uc0\u9824 \u65039 
\f0 2
\f2 \uc0\u9824 \u65039 
\f0 . BTN c-bets 10% on the flop, checks back turn, then makes a pot-sized shove on the river. Which hand would you prefer to bluff catch with? A: 66 B: 88 C: TT D: JJ\
Entry 2:BLUFF-CATCHING 4BP RIVER SHOVES\
Correct answer\
A: 66\
SB strategy + EV facing shove\
Entry 3:Let's examine the bluffs in BTN's shoving range. We see they use AJ, AT, and A8 as bluffs.\
Entry 4:This means when we hold 88/TT/JJ we block those bluffs and make it more likely that they hold a value hand like AK or KK or 99. 66 unblocks bluffs, which gives it higher equity than 88/TT/JJ.\
Entry 2: [NL500 6-Max Cash, 100bb] BTN vs BB SRP. Flop is 4
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  4
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  4
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0 . BTN c-bet half-pot, BB call. Turn is the rainbow A
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0 , BB donks 20% pot, BTN call. River is the last 4
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0 . How should BB construct their betting range? A: Range check B: Mix small and large bets C: Overbet / check D: Range shove\
Entry 1:[NL500 6-Max Cash, 100bb] BTN vs BB SRP. Flop is K
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  J
\f1 \uc0\u10084 
\f0  7
\f1 \uc0\u10084 
\f0 . BTN overbets 125%, BB calls. Turn 4
\f1 \uc0\u10084 
\f0  checks through. River 2
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0 . BB block-bets 10% pot. Which hand classes constitute the majority of the BB's value range? A: Flushes and sets B: Two pair and top pair C: Top and second pair D: Second and third pair\
The content discusses constructing a polarized range with a 75% pot-sized shove on the river, where the range consists of either the stone-cold nuts or complete bluffs. It explains the balance of bluffs in the range and how often the villain should call. Key concepts include Minimum Defense Frequency (MDF) and pot odds, and how the villain needs to fold a certain percentage of the time for bluffs to be effective.\
Entry 1: [Toy game] The pot is 10bb. You are constructing a 150% pot-sized shove on the river. You are polarized - your range consists of stone-cold nuts or complete bluffs. Villain doesn't believe in math - they will always call 50% of the time. How much EV does the GTO strategy gain or lose against this player? A: Lose 3bb B: Same EV C: Gain 3bb D: Gain 7.5bb\
Entry 2: Advanced Concepts BLUFFING THE CALLING STATION\
Pot 10 Bet 15\
Proportion (GTO) Call 40% (GTO) Call 50% (villain) EV (Value) 62.5% 16 17.5 EV (Bluff) 37.5% 0 -2.5 EV (Total) 10 10\
Proportion (Exploit) Call 40% (villain) EV (Value) 100% 17.5 EV (Total) 17.5\
Correct answer B: Same EV\
Entry 3: EV (Value) = (call% x 25bb) + (fold% x 10bb) EV (Bluff) = (fold% x 10bb) - (call% x 15bb)\
The GTO strategy for a 150% overbet is to use a range of 62.5% value and 37.5% bluffs. This lays the right pot odds to make your opponent indifferent between calling and folding. Facing this size, villain should fold 60%, and call 40% (MDF). However, they are calling 50% instead.\
Entry 4: EV (Value) = (call% x 25bb) + (fold% x 10bb)\
EV (Bluff) = (fold% x 10bb) - (call% x 15bb)\
If hero continues to use the GTO strategy their EV will not change. The value hands will overperform, the bluffs will underperform, and altogether the EV remains the same.\
If hero decides to stop bluffing, they are left with value hands that overperform.\
This would be the optimal exploit against this player.\
The content discusses the construction of a polarized betting range in a situation where the Button (BTN) bets aggressively on all streets, ending with a pot-sized shove on the river. The focus is on the balance between value hands and bluffs, with a suggested ratio of 67% value to 33% bluffs for a pot-sized bet, due to the pot odds offered. The solver's adjustment to this ratio, leaning slightly more towards value, accounts for rake and blocker effects. Additionally, the solver's strategy includes giving up on certain hands with no equity to make the Big Blind (BB)'s calls on the turn indifferent, aligning with the 36% pot odds BB faces against the 125% turn c-bet.\
Entry 1: BTN opens and you call in the BB. Your opponent always checks back the flop. How should you adjust your turn strategy?\
\
A: Probe bet more value heavy\
B: Probe bet more bluffs\
C: Probe bet more often\
D: Probe bet less often\
Entry 2: [Theory] What does it mean in poker theory when we say a hand is "indifferent"?\
A: The hand is uncertain about the best action\
B: The hand is 0EV\
C: The hand mixes between two or more actions that have the same EV\
D: The hand takes a pure action and does not mix\
Entry 3: Advanced Concepts WHAT IS INDIFFERENCE ACTUALLY? EV (Action 1) = EV (Action 2)\
Correct answer\
C: The hand mixes between two or more actions that have the same EV\
Entry 4: A common misconception about indifference is that it means a hand is 0EV. However, a value hand can be indifferent between calling and raising which are both +EV. Theoretically, mixed actions should always have the same EV in a perfectly accurate GTO solution.\
Entry 1: Quiz: Exploiting Trappy Players\
\
W\
Probe Bet\
\
Correct answer\
D: Probe bet less often\
\
Entry 2: [Theory] In this picture, we can see the solution is mixing between folding, raising, and calling. However, calling seems to be higher EV.\
\
Why doesn't the solver simply always call?\
\
Entry 3: This is an example of 'solver noise', which are small inaccuracies within the solution.\
\
Theoretically, a perfectly accurate solution would always use the highest EV line, and mixed actions would have the exact same EV.\
\
But if you've ever worked with a solver you'll know it's not feasible to solve everything to perfect accuracy, so there are small discrepancies.\
\
In this case, the solution is solved to about 99.75% accuracy, meaning the entire solution could be exploited for about 0.25% of the pot.\
The content discusses the concept of variance and expectation management in poker. It emphasizes understanding players' win rates and standard deviations over different volumes of hands. Bob, a player with a 5bb/100 win rate over 20,000 hands, and Alice, with a 10bb/100 win rate over 5,000 hands, are compared. It highlights that Alice's higher win rate allows her to play fewer hands to achieve a similar probability of winning. The content underscores the importance of a strong win rate to minimize variance and avoid extended downswings, advising players closer to breakeven to focus on improving their win rate before increasing their volume of play.\
Entry 1: Advanced Concepts\
WHICH FLOP IS MORE LIKELY?\
\
[Theory] Which flop is more likely?\
A: 876r\
B: 876tt\
C: JJ5r\
D: JJ5tt\
\
(r = rainbow, tt = two-tone)\
\
Entry 3: Unpaired flush draw boards are the most likely flop in Hold'em. You can count the number of combinations of each type of flop to see why 876tt is the most common.\
The following numbers account for strategically similar flops:\
A: 876r: 24 combos\
B: 876tt: 36 combos\
C: JJ5r: 12 combos\
D: JJ5tt: 12 combos\
Page 128 discusses a scenario involving bluff-catching in a toy game where Player 1 (OOP) has a range of 2/3 nuts and 1/3 bluffs and bets $100 on the turn. Player 2 (IP) faces decisions based on pot odds and the possibility of realizing equity. It highlights the importance of understanding bluff frequencies and opponent strategies, especially when dealing with opponents who can always double-barrel. The key takeaway is to avoid calling marginal bluff-catchers when the opponent's range can consistently apply pressure across multiple streets.\
Contents of page 129: Entry 1:[NL500 6-Max Cash, 100bb] SB vs BTN 3BP. SB c-bets 1/3 pot on flop and turn. The board runs out A
\f2 \uc0\u9824 \u65039 
\f0  Q
\f2 \uc0\u9830 \u65039 
\f0  9
\f2 \uc0\u9827 \u65039 
\f0  T
\f2 \uc0\u9830 \u65039 
\f0  A
\f2 \uc0\u9827 \u65039 
\f0 . Which of the following made hands should consider bluffing the river? A: K9s B: JJ C: J9s D: T9s Entry 2: Advanced Concepts TURNING MADE HANDS INTO BLUFFS Correct answer All of these hands should consider bluffing the river Entry 3: This is a spot where SB has run out of natural bluffs. Almost every hand in their range connects with the board, which is why the solver needs to turn some made hands into bluffs. The most common bluffs tend to be those which block the KJ straight as well as boats.\
Entry 1:[Theory] Villain shoves for pot in position on the river. Their bluffs would have 20% equity as a checkback. How wide should you defend to make their bluffs indifferent?\
\
A: Call 60% of your range\
B: Call 50% of your range\
C: Call 40% of your range\
D: Call 30% of your range\
Entry 2:MDF FACING BLUFFS WITH SHOWDOWN VALUE\
Correct answer\
C: Call 40% of your range\
Your goal is to make the EV of a bluff equal to the EV of checking back. We know the EV of a checkback is 20% pot.\
EV bluff = 0.2 (pot) = (fold% x pot) - (call% x pot) 
\f1 \uc0\u8594 
\f0  0.2 = (1-call%) - call% 
\f1 \uc0\u8594 
\f0  call% = 40%\
Entry 3:This is why solvers typically underdefend facing a bet out of position, relative to MDF. Another way to think about this: You can give your opponent a profitable bluff, as long as that bluff isn't more profitable than checking back.\
Added new class: new class - Minimum Defense Frequency (MDF) Strategy Techniques\
Explanation: This class focuses on understanding and applying the concept of Minimum Defense Frequency (MDF) in poker strategy. It explores how players can calculate and utilize MDF to determine the optimal portion of their range to defend against bluffs, particularly when facing draws. The content emphasizes balancing the risk-reward ratio of calling versus folding and how semi-bluffs alter these calculations due to their inherent equity.\
The content discusses how to calculate the Minimum Defense Frequency (MDF) when facing draws. The goal is to make the expected value (EV) of a bluff equal to the EV of checking back, which is 20% of the pot in this scenario. The calculation involves balancing the risk-reward ratio between calling and folding, considering that draws as semi-bluffs have equity when called. A pot-sized shove with a 20% equity draw carries a similar risk-reward ratio as a 60% pot shove with a pure bluff, due to the equity component of the semi-bluff.\
Added new class: new class - Nash Distance and Exploitation Analysis\
Explanation: This class contains content focused on understanding and analyzing the concept of Nash Distance and its implications for exploitability in poker. It explores how general solutions, such as those provided by GTO tools, can be exploited to a limited degree and how individual actions within a strategy might differ in terms of exploitability. The content aims to help players understand the limitations and potential vulnerabilities of GTO solutions and how much an opposing player can exploit these strategies.\
The content discusses the concept of Nash Distance in the context of GTO solutions, explaining that solutions are accurate to within 0.2% to 0.3%. This means that the most exploitative strategy by opponents can only gain a maximum of 0.3% of the pot against the solution. Although individual hands or decisions might be more exploitable, the overall solution remains robust against significant exploitation.\
Entry 1: [500NL 6-Max Cash, 100bb] BTN vs BB SRP, AK5. Why does BTN prefer to overbet with value hands like AK/KK/55/A5/K5, but typically bets small or checks with the nuts, AA?\
A: AA is less vulnerable than these other made hands\
B: AA blocks villain's folding range\
C: AA blocks villain's calling range\
D: Too many equity-changing runouts\
\
Entry 4: The best traps are those which are:\
A: Less vulnerable to future runouts\
B: Block hands that will continue facing your bet\
C: Unblock hands that will fold facing your bet\
AA meets all of these criteria, which is why it typically has higher EV as a trap than an overbet.\
Entry 1:[Theory] The Independent Chip Model (ICM) attempts to translate your tournament stack into an actual cash value. Which of these statements is true? Entry 3:B; C; and D: are false. B: is false. ICM does not apply to winner-take-all situations. Entry 4:C: is false. ICM actually tends to underestimate the big stack advantage. D: is false. ICM does not account for positions.\
Added new class: new class - straddle theory analysis\
Explanation: This class contains content focused on understanding and analyzing the strategic implications of straddling in poker. It explores how the introduction of a straddle, which is an additional blind bet, affects opening ranges and strategic decisions, particularly in relation to the number of players defending their blinds and the overall money in the pot. The content aims to help players adapt their strategies when a straddle is in play, considering factors like blind defense frequency and the influence of larger antes.\
The content discusses the strategic adjustments needed when a straddle is in play, specifically whether to open tighter or wider from the button. It highlights that even though there is more money in the pot, the presence of more players defending their blinds means opening ranges should be tighter, similar to being pushed back one position. The comparison between straddle/ante and MTT solutions illustrates how larger antes in straddle games generally lead to wider opening ranges.\
Added new class: new class - flop shoving strategy in Heads-Up Sit & Go\
Explanation: This class contains content focused on evaluating and executing flop shoving strategies in Heads-Up Sit & Go (HU SnG) poker formats. It explores strategic considerations for choosing hands to shove for value or as semi-bluffs on the flop, particularly in situations involving short stacks and heads-up play. This approach helps players optimize their decision-making by assessing hand strength, position, and potential fold equity in these scenarios.\
The content discusses the strategic considerations for shoving the flop in a Heads-Up Sit & Go (HU SnG) scenario with short stacks. It highlights that shoving the flop can sacrifice positional advantage and suggests that spreading bets over multiple streets can leverage position for maximum expected value (EV). It also notes that with slightly shorter stacks, a flop shove strategy might be viable, but with a 350% pot-sized bet, the risk/reward ratio is poor. Starting with a smaller bet can force the opponent to reveal more information about their hand.\
Added new class: new class - semi-bluff and defense dynamics\
Explanation: This class contains content focused on understanding the dynamics of semi-bluffing and defensive strategies in poker. It explores how different board textures and player positions affect the viability of semi-bluffs, and how defending strategies can vary based on hand strength and potential draws. The content aims to enhance players' understanding of how to leverage semi-bluffs and adapt defensive tactics to maintain strategic balance.\
Entry 1: CO has an advantage on flush cards due to BB's selective check-raising of flush draws, while CO defends all flush draws. Entry 2 and 3: In a HU SnG with 5bb, Hero shoves with J3o and BB calls 62% of their range. The necessary equity for J3o to break even is calculated using an EV equation, considering outcomes of BB folding, calling and losing, or calling and winning.\
The content discusses the strategic preference for holding a club when raising AA in a specific board scenario. Holding a club blocks folds and unblocks calls, enhancing the value of the hand by encouraging action. This preference is relevant for understanding how backdoor suits can impact decision-making and equity realization in poker.\
Entry 1:[500NL Cash Game, 100bb] BTN opens 2.5, BB 3-bets to 13bb, action on BTN. The solver splits its 4-betting range between 27bb 4-bet and a 100bb 4-bet shove. Why does the solver construct a 4-bet shoving range in this spot?\
\
A: Hands like AKo and JJ have more EV when shoving than using a normal 4-bet size\
B: Hands like AKo and JJ prefer the immediate fold equity rather than taking a flop and getting outdrawn\
C: To avoid seeing a flop and paying more rake\
D: The threat of a 4-bet shove prevents the 3-bettor from raising too linearly\
Entry 2:Correct answer D: The threat of a 4-bet shove prevents the 3-bettor from raising too linearly\
Added new class: new class - blocker and range strategy techniques\
Explanation: This class contains content focused on understanding and applying blocker concepts and range strategies in poker. It explores how players can use blockers to influence their decision-making process by affecting the perceived range of possible hands and how to construct ranges effectively. The content aims to help players make more informed strategic decisions by recognizing the importance of blockers and understanding how to create ranges that maximize their strategic advantage.\
The content discusses how the Button (BTN) is representing a polarized range for value (two-pair+) and bluffs. It emphasizes the importance of Small Blind (SB) using blockers over raw hand strength for bluff-catching, specifically targeting hands that block strong hands like 66, 76s, and 8x straights. Additionally, it highlights a strategy where BTN employs a merged betting approach with hands like Ten of spades Nine of spades, which can fold out better hands while getting called by worse, expecting opponents to respond with blocker-based calls.\
Entry 1:[Theory] BTN opens, BB (Hero) calls. The flop is 6
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  5
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  4
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0 . This is a board that BB should donk on quite often. However, you have history with villain and know they will range-bet the flop when checked to. Should you ever lead this board?\
\
A: Yes, donking is still the strongest play on a board like this\
B: No, let villain build the pot for you\
C: Let the RNG decide\
Entry 2: However, if BTN will always bet regardless then you have no reason to lead.\
\
BTN is guaranteed to reopen the action if you check. You always have the option to put more money in on the flop via a check-raise.\
\
The main takeaway here is that you don't need to build the pot if your opponent will do it for you.\
Entry 1:WHAT'S THE POINT OF MIXING?\
\
Why do solvers mix their strategies? Why not just use the same action each time?\
\
A: To gain more EV\
B: To remain unexploitable\
C: To become harder to play against\
D: Because different parts of your range benefit from different bet sizes or different actions\
\
Entry 2:[Advanced Concepts] RISK PREMIUM\
\
Tom: 500 chips\
Amy: 300 chips\
Bill: 200 chips\
\
1st place: $70\
2nd place: $30\
\
[Theory] Blinds are 25/50. Tom shoves in the BTN, folds to Bill in the BB. Bill's pot odds indicate they need at least (150 / 425) 35% equity to call. How much extra equity does Bill require to make this call, given the ICM implications?\
\
A: +5% (Bill needs 40% equity to call)\
B: +10% (Bill needs 45% equity to call)\
C: +15% (Bill needs 50% equity to call)\
D: +20% (Bill needs 55% equity to call)\
Added new class: new class - freerolling strategy analysis\
Explanation: This class contains content focused on understanding and exploiting freerolling situations in poker. It explores advanced concepts such as manipulating opponents' ranges when holding potential draws or strong hands, particularly in situations where the opponent's range is capped or lacks equity distribution. The content aims to help players leverage freerolling opportunities to maximize value or induce folds.\
The content discusses advanced freerolling concepts, focusing on situations where BB's equity distribution is a straight line of pure value. It suggests that CO needs to fold King-x hands without pot odds and hints at exploitative strategies like jamming with a flush draw on top of the nuts if opponents can't fold straights on certain boards.\
Entry 1:[8-max MTT, 100bb] HJ opens, BB calls. Flop is A
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  K
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  5
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0 . Which of these pocket pairs should HJ consider overbetting the flop with?\
\
A: 22\
B: 99\
C: QQ\
D: AA\
\
Entry 2:Advanced Concepts: Overbetting Pocket Pairs\
Entry 3:When HJ overbets they narrow BB's range significantly. Hands like 99 and QQ are too strong to turn into bluffs.\
\
AA is so strong that it hard-blocks the majority of hands BB calls with, making it harder to extract value.\
\
Entry 4:22 is weak enough to turn into a bluff, and it has backdoor straight draw potential.\
\
This pair struggles to realize its equity through passive lines. It also unblocks more of CO's folding range.\
\
These factors together make it a great bluffing candidate.\
Entry 1:[HU Cash, 100bb] SB (IP) opens, BB calls. Flop and turn check through and the board runs out A
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  7
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  6
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  4
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  6
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0 . BB block-bets 30% pot. What's the weakest hand SB can raise for value?\
The content discusses the importance of managing the Risk of Ruin (RoR) in poker, particularly highlighting how Billy 'The Maniac' Bob's aggressive style and refusal to move down stakes can lead to financial ruin. It emphasizes that good bankroll management is crucial, especially when the bankroll is not replenishable. The goal is to maximize long-term profitability by maintaining a sufficient bankroll to continue playing and generating income.\
[HU SnG Theory] You play HU SnG and average a 5% return on investment (ROI). Your bankroll is $1000. What stakes should you play to grow your bankroll as quickly as possible? A: $100 buy-in B: $50 buy-in C: $25 buy-in D: $10 buy-in\
\
The Kelly Criterion was designed to answer exactly this kind of question.\
\
It tells you what portion of your bankroll to wager in order to maximize long-term growth.\
\
So how much should you wager to maximize growth without blowing up your bankroll?\
\
Advanced Concepts\
KELLY CRITERION\
Never go full Kelly\
One thing to keep in mind is that you need to refresh this calculation each time your edge or bankroll changes.\
Most investors and professional gamblers do not recommend Full-Kelly, and instead, opt for Half-Kelly or even Quarter-Kelly strategies in order to reduce risk and account for unstable edges.\
You can capture 75% of the growth with a 50% kelly bet. So although a $50 buy-in is the correct answer, a $25 buy-in is perhaps a better answer in practice.\
Added new class: new class - strategic domination theory\
Explanation: This class contains content focused on the strategic implications of playing in poker games with unusual or non-standard structures, such as games without blinds or antes. It explores how these structures affect opening ranges, strategic adjustments, and decision-making, particularly in relation to how players can optimize their strategies in the absence of forced bets.\
The content discusses the strategic adjustments necessary when playing in a poker game without blinds or antes. Without forced bets, any bet is infinite relative to the pot, leading to the optimal strategy being extremely tight. Players should only open hands stronger than what will call, and opponents should only defend hands stronger than those opened. The lack of blinds means there is no inherent reason to play hands, unlike in games with antes, rake, or other dead money, which incentivize more hand play.\
This section discusses the application of Minimum Defense Frequency (MDF) in poker, contrasting it with pot odds. It highlights the importance of not calling when a hand lacks sufficient equity to be profitable, even if MDF suggests otherwise. This misapplication often occurs when players face under-bluffing opponents. MDF is valuable for preventing exploitation, but its relevance diminishes when an opponent is clearly not bluffing enough.\
Added new class: new class - block-betting strategy techniques\
Explanation: This class contains content focused on understanding and applying block-betting strategies in poker. It explores how small bets, often referred to as block-bets, can manipulate opponents' responses and increase the expected value (EV) of certain hands. This analysis helps players make more informed strategic decisions by recognizing situations where setting a low price can induce calls or bluff-raises, particularly with strong hands, thereby enhancing their overall strategy.\
The content discusses the strategic use of block-betting in a simplified poker scenario with three cards: Ace, King, Queen. It explains how block-betting increases the expected value (EV) of strong hands, like AA, by inducing calls or bluff-raises from opponents holding weaker hands. The concept highlights that block-betting can lead to less aggression against medium-strength hands, like KK, without changing their EV, and emphasizes the importance of opponent reactions to block-bets in optimizing the value of nutted hands, especially on 4-flush boards where one-card blockers become significant.\
Added new class: new class - toy game strategy analysis\
Explanation: This class contains content focused on understanding and applying strategic analysis to toy games in poker. It explores the theoretical aspects of simplified poker scenarios, such as games with limited or abstracted hand ranges and actions. The content aims to help players grasp fundamental strategic concepts by analyzing basic game mechanics, like value betting and bluffing thresholds, and using these insights to inform more complex decision-making in real poker games.\
The content discusses a toy game where players are dealt a number between 0 and 1, and the highest number wins. The analysis focuses on identifying the weakest hand to value bet and the strongest hand to bluff in this scenario. It introduces concepts like finding points of indifference between betting and checking, applying minimum defense frequency, and calculating pot odds to determine optimal strategies. The key equations involve determining the weakest value bet (v), the strongest bluff (b), and the strongest hand that folds (f) to achieve strategic balance.\
Added new class: new class - poker humor and memes\
Explanation: This class contains content focused on humorous or meme-based entries related to poker. It aims to provide entertainment and a light-hearted break from the more technical aspects of the game. These entries often involve jokes or memes about common poker situations, player behaviors, or strategic concepts.\
Page 152 contains humorous poker-related content, including jokes about cold-calling in the small blind and the inevitability of not giving up on river bluffs. It also features a meme about IQ scores and poker decisions, as well as a playful nod to missing straight flush draws.\
Entry 1: The term "equity" is ubiquitous throughout poker. But what does equity actually mean?\
A: Equity refers to what percentage of the pot you expect to win\
B: Equity refers to how often you expect to win\
C: Equity refers to how often you expect to win if the pot were checked down\
D: Equity refers to your fair "share" of the pot\
Entry 2: Correct answer\
C: Equity refers to how often you expect to win if the pot were checked down\
Entry 3: Your "true equity", in the sense an investor uses the term, would be your expected value divided by the pot.\
\
However, you cannot expect to win your "fair share" of the pot if there are actions on future streets.\
\
Postflop factors such as positional, range, and nut advantages can give an edge to one player, skewing the EV in their favor.\
The content discusses how to break down equity into buckets for analysis in a BB vs CO spot. Equity is categorized into 'Best hands', 'Good hands', 'Weak hands', and 'Trash hands', with CO's range being polarized. Polarized distributions use large bets to leverage a strategic 'clairvoyant' advantage, aiming to get all chips in by the river. The polarized player should bet an equal fraction of the pot on each street to maximize the opponent's call-down range.\
Entry 1:[500NL Cash, 100bb] CO opens 2.3, BB calls. Which flop is mostly likely to result in this relatively symmetrical equity distribution? Correct answer A: A
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  4
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  3
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 . Entry 3: JT4s and to a lesser extent T86r power up CO's high card advantage. Paired boards like 554r tend to create asymmetrical equity distributions.\
The entry discusses a scenario where CO opens and BTN calls, resulting in a naturally polarized equity distribution on a trip eight flop. CO has an advantage with overpairs and higher overcards, allowing them to polarize their strategy with strong value hands and semi-bluffs. BTN's range is more condensed with medium pocket pairs, limiting their ability to polarize effectively.\
Entry 1:[NL500 6-Max Cash, 200bb] HJ opens 2.5, SB 3-bet 11, HJ calls. The board runs out J
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  T
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0  5
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  2
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  A
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 . Which of these lines is most likely to result in this equity distribution? (SB Left, HJ Right)\
\
A: Bet 33% Call, Check Check, Bet 35%\
B: Bet 33% Call, Bet 66% Call, Check\
C: Check Check, Check Bet 66% Call, Check\
D: Check Bet 33% Call, Check Check, Bet 85%\
Entry 2:Equity Buckets GUESS THE LINE! #1\
\
A: Bet 33% Call, Check Check, Bet 35%\
\
Correct answer\
\
A: Bet 33% Call, Check Check, Bet 35%\
Entry 3:The trick to solving this one is noticing that only one answer is a block-bet.\
\
River block-bet equity distributions typically contain many 'medium value' hands in that 60-80% range, with a few nutted traps and some absolute trash sprinkled in.\
Entry 4:You should be able to rule out answers B: & C: ending with a check, as checking ranges contain more weak hands and give-ups.\
\
This distribution contains too many strong hands and wouldn't incentivize villain to bet often enough, costing you value.\
\
The 85% bet in the last answer is much more polarized, containing many more nutted hands and trash relative to villain's distribution.\
\
Betting this large on the river with this many medium-value hands would be an overplay.\
Entry 1 and Entry 2 present a poker hand scenario with three possible lines of play (A, B, C) and their corresponding equity distributions. The task is to determine which line results in the given equity distribution. Entry 3 and Entry 4 provide explanations for ruling out options A and B, leading to the correct answer: C: Check Bet 33% Call, Check Bet 75% Call, All-in 138% (Donk shove). The reasoning involves understanding how different actions affect the polarization of ranges and equity distribution on the river.\
Added new class: new class - stack depth strategy analysis\
Explanation: This class contains content focused on understanding and analyzing the strategic implications of different stack depths in poker. It explores how varying stack sizes influence the construction of betting ranges, defensive strategies, and the balance between value and bluffs. This analysis helps players make more informed strategic decisions by considering how stack depth affects the optimal use of equity and positional advantages.\
The content discusses how the CO (Cutoff) should adjust their 3-betting range based on stack depth in a 500NL 6-Max Cash game scenario. Key points include: when there's less money behind, CO needs to include more strong value hands in their 3-betting range to counter potential BB (Big Blind) shoves. As stack depth increases, CO can incorporate more draws into their 3-betting range due to the reduced threat of a BB shove and the magnified positional advantage.\
Added new class: new class - range morphology techniques\
Explanation: This class contains content focused on understanding and applying range morphology concepts in poker. It explores different types of range structures, such as polarized, linear, merged, and condensed, and how these morphologies influence preflop and postflop play. The content aims to help players improve their strategic decision-making by recognizing and adapting to various range morphologies in different poker scenarios.\
The content describes various preflop spots and their corresponding range morphologies: \
1. BB 3-bet vs SB RFI is Polarized, involving very strong and very weak hands.\
2. CO Opens is Linear, opening only good hands and folding the rest.\
3. BTN Calls HJ Open is Condensed, containing mostly medium hands with few nutted and trash hands.\
4. BB 3-bet vs BTN Open is Merged, using a mix of nuts, bluffs, and medium value draws.\
Entry 1:[6-Max Cash, 100bb] SB opens 3, BB calls. The flop is K
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  Q
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  J
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0 . How would you describe SB's c-betting range?\
A: Polarized\
B: Linear\
C: Condensed / Depolarized\
D: Merged\
Entry 2:Correct answer\
D: Merged\
This c-betting range uses a small size with a wide range consisting of value, bluffs, and plenty of medium hands.\
Added new class: new class - checking range construction techniques\
Explanation: This class focuses on understanding and analyzing the construction of checking ranges in poker. It explores how players can utilize different types of ranges, such as polarized, linear, condensed, or merged, when deciding which hands to check in various scenarios. The content aims to help players optimize their checking strategies by balancing traps with weak hands and understanding how these decisions influence opponents' actions.\
The BB in a 3-bet pot should construct a polarized checking range on a 9
\f2 \uc0\u9829 \u65039 
\f0 8
\f2 \uc0\u9829 \u65039 
\f0 7
\f2 \uc0\u9830 \u65039 
\f0  flop. This involves checking with trash give-ups and a few powerful traps, while betting or shoving with vulnerable made hands and draws. Polarization involves a mix of nutted and weak hands, incentivizing the CO to stab at the flop, allowing BB to capitalize on traps later.\
Added new class: new class - probing range construction techniques\
Explanation: This class contains content focused on understanding and applying probing range construction techniques in poker. It explores how players can construct ranges for probing bets on various board textures, particularly on turn bricks. The content aims to help players optimize their probing strategies by balancing strong hands with bluffs, recognizing when to apply pressure, and how to adjust according to stack depth and opponent actions.\
The BB should construct a polarized turn probe range on a low brick like 2, 3, 4, or 6, consisting of strong hands and bluffs. OOP can include strong top pair+ and draws as bluffs, with hands like KJ being strong enough to play for stacks, even stacking off on brick rivers.\
Contents of page 164:\
Entry 1:[HU Cash, 100bb] SB (IP) opens 2.5, BB (OOP) 3-bets to 10. How should BB construct their 3-betting range? A: Polarized B: Linear C: Condensed / Depolarized D: Merged\
Entry 2:CONSTRUCTING HU 3-BETS\
BB strategy facing 2.5 open\
Correct answer\
B: Linear\
Top-down value and medium hands.\
Entry 3:SB is opening wide, 80% of hands. So facing the 3-bet, they will call proportionally more often than they 4-bet.\
Entry 4:It's costly to 3bet-fold high EV hands that could have just called instead. So if you expect to be blasted off your equity quite often, you should switch to a more polarized strategy.\
\
Conversely, a linear strategy works better when you expect to face a higher proportion of calls rather than raises, like in this case, BB expects to face a call almost 4x as often 4-bet, so they 3-bet linearly using hands that draw well postflop, rather than focusing on blocker bluffs.\
Added new class: checking range construction techniques\
Explanation: This class focuses on understanding and analyzing the construction of checking ranges in poker. It explores how players can utilize different types of ranges, such as polarized, linear, condensed, or merged, when deciding which hands to check in various scenarios. The content aims to help players optimize their checking strategies by balancing traps with weak hands and understanding how these decisions influence opponents' actions.\
The BTN's check-back range on a 4
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  3
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  3
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  flop in a Spin & Go game is 'condensed/depolarized', meaning it mostly consists of medium-strength hands like King high and Ace high. These hands aim to avoid getting check-raised off their equity. The dynamic nature of the flop encourages betting to fold out overcards, and the BTN checks back only about a quarter of their range, focusing on medium-strength hands that can serve as bluff catchers on later streets.\
Entry 1: [NL500 6-Max Cash, 100bb] CO opens 2.3, BB calls. Flop is Q
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  7
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  2
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0 . CO c-bets 33%. How should BB construct their check-raising range? A: Polarized B: Linear C: Condensed / Depolarized D: Merged Entry 2: Dry boards like this don't have many natural bluffs. BB will struggle to defend wide enough here. As a result, BB starts turning medium-strength made hands like weak 7x and 2x into semi-bluffs.\
The block-betting strategy on scary rivers in 4-bet pots involves using a condensed range focused on non-heart Ace high straights. These hands are medium-strength and aim to over-realize their equity by reducing the opponent's strategic options. The block-bet forces opponents to make unfavorable risk/reward decisions when considering a raise, which decreases the likelihood of facing aggression compared to checking. This strategy is particularly effective due to the board's nature, preventing players from capping their range earlier.\
Added new class: new class - equity distribution analysis\
Explanation: This class contains content focused on understanding and analyzing equity distribution graphs in poker. It explores how equity is distributed within a player's range against an opponent's range, using visual tools such as graphs to provide a higher resolution understanding of strategic advantages like range and nut advantages. This analysis aids players in making more informed strategic decisions by understanding the relative strength of hands within their range and against their opponent's range.\
The content focuses on the analysis of equity distribution graphs for the BTN vs CO scenario. It highlights how Q
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0 Q
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  is assessed within the Button's range and against the Cutoff's range. The key insights include the hand's equity percentage against the opponent's range and its percentile position within the player's own range. Additionally, it emphasizes the advantage of using equity distribution graphs over traditional equity buckets for gaining a deeper strategic understanding of range and nut advantages.\
[NL500 6-Max Cash, 150bb] This is a HJ vs BB river spot, SPR = 2.76. Without knowing any information about the board, what is HJ's best bet sizing strategy when they choose to bet?\
\
A: Mostly overbets and/or shoves (100% - all in)\
B: Mostly larger bets (67%-100%)\
C: Mostly medium sizes (36%-67%)\
D: Mostly small sizes (<36%)\
\
Answer: HJ's equity distribution is polarized. Their range is comprised of strong nutted hands, and bluffs with no equity. Anytime you see this polarized distribution, the best strategy will involve playing for stacks.\
Entry 1: [NL50 6-Max Cash, 100bb] This is a CO vs BB river spot, SPR = 7.92. Without knowing any information about the board, what is BB's best strategy? A: Mostly overbets and/or shoves (100% - all in) B: Mostly larger bets (67%-100%) C: Mostly medium sizes (36%-67%) D: Mostly small sizes (<36%) Entry 2: BB has an advantage over the upper-middle of their range, but they lack the nutted advantage at the top. These middling hands extract the most value with small-medium bet sizes. If BB were to use larger bet sizes they would mostly end up folding out worse and getting called or raised by better.\
Entry 1 presents a question about the best strategy for the Big Blind (BB) in a river spot against the Button (BTN) at NL50 6-Max Cash, 100bb with an SPR of 3.21. The options given are A: Mostly overbets and/or shoves (100% - all in), B: Mostly larger bets (67%-100%), C: Mostly medium sizes (36%-67%), and D: Mostly small sizes (<36%). Entry 2 provides the correct answer, indicating that both A: and D: are correct, with BB splitting their range between small block-bets and 150% overbets. Entry 3 explains that BB's equity advantage is divided into weak-medium hands and nutted hands, suggesting the use of small block-bets and overbets to organize this equity distribution.\
The content on this page explores the concept of 'The Staircase Distribution' in equity distributions, particularly on paired boards like 7
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  7
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  7
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0 . It highlights how these boards create a classic overpair advantage for the HJ's range, depicted in a staircase-like equity distribution. Additionally, it notes that paired boards result in a plateaued nut advantage representing trips, and mentions how wet boards can create smoother distributions that diminish the nut advantage by bringing range lines closer together.\
Added new class: new class - chop board strategy analysis\
Explanation: This class contains content focused on understanding and applying strategies on chop boards in poker. It explores how specific turn cards can create situations where top pairs chop the pot, leading to unique strategic opportunities. The content discusses constructing strategies with pure value, without the need for bluffs, and leveraging factors like freerolling potential and blasting draws off their equity.\
The content discusses a strategy applied on chop boards, specifically when a turn card like K
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0  causes all top pair to chop. In such scenarios, strategies can be constructed with pure value rather than bluffs. Key conditions include: the strongest hands chopping, incentives to blast draws off their equity, and opportunities to freeroll or outdraw chops. This strategy aims to make a wide portion of the opponent's range indifferent without using bluffs.\
The page discusses the concept of equity distributions, emphasizing how draws and nutted value hands can run close on certain board textures, particularly when stack-to-pot ratios (SPR) are low. This forces players to call wider ranges and make semibluffs indifferent. The content highlights the importance of understanding how stack depth and board texture influence stack-off ranges and the strategic implications of making opponents indifferent to various betting actions.\
The analysis focuses on the strategic composition of checking ranges, particularly in scenarios where a player is out of position. It highlights the importance of including traps in the checking range to ensure medium strength hands can realize equity without being attacked. The content also discusses how medium showdown value hands can incentivize betting from the in-position player and how these medium hands prompt the out-of-position player to include traps to balance their range.\
Entry 1:[NL50 6-Max Cash, 100bb] BTN vs BB SRP. Why does BTN prefer to overbet A
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 K
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 9
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  but almost never overbets on A
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 K
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 T
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0 ? What is the primary reason? A: BB flops straights (QJ) on A
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 K
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 T
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  but not on A
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 K
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 9
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  B: There are too many equity-changing runouts that will hurt BTN's top pair on A
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 K
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 T
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0 , e.g. any J or Q will put 4-to-a straight on the board C: BB can over-realize their equity on A
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 K
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 T
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  due to the abundance of draws D: BTN's top pair has less equity on A
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 K
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 T
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  compared to A
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 K
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 9
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0 \
The content discusses equity realization on a specific board texture (Q
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  J
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0  T
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 ) in a 4-bet pot between HJ and CO at NL500 6-Max Cash with 100bb stacks. It highlights that equity realization is not about raw hand strength but how a hand performs relative to its equity. On this board, draws tend to overperform while made hands underperform. The example given shows that A
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 5
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 , despite having the weakest raw equity among the choices, is one of HJ's most valuable hands due to the nut flush draw's potential for implied odds and the ability to barrel multiple streets.\
The content discusses a scenario in a 50NL 6-Max Cash Game where both players' ranges are under-realizing their equity due to the effects of rake. The rake decreases the expected value (EV) of both players, leading to underperformance. This situation is exacerbated on explosive flops where both players contribute significantly to the pot, increasing the total rake paid and thus further diminishing their EV.\
Contents of page 179:\
Entry 1:[NL50 6-Max Cash, 100bb] BTN vs BB SRP. Which flop is most likely to "blow up the pot", as measured by the average final size of the pot when it gets raked?\
\
A: J
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  T
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  8
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0 \
B: T
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  9
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  3
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0 \
C: K
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  K
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  J
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 \
D: 6
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  3
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  2
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0 \
The entry discusses how holding blockers to both front and backdoor flush draws enhances equity realization with a gutshot straight draw like KJ. This highlights the strategic advantage of recognizing and utilizing blockers in poker to improve decision-making and equity realization.\
Added new class: new class - equity realization and stack depth analysis\
Explanation: This class focuses on understanding and analyzing the relationship between equity realization and stack depth in poker. It explores how varying stack sizes affect the equity that players can realize and the strategic implications of these changes. The content aims to help players optimize their decision-making by recognizing how stack depth impacts equity realization and positional advantages during gameplay.\
The content explores how stack depth impacts equity realization in Spin & Go formats. As stacks get deeper, the Big Blind (BB) can realize more equity, with metrics showing BB's equity realization (EQR) improving from 100.2% at 12bb to 105.8% at 25bb. The BB's expected value (EV) also increases with stack depth, indicating better equity realization potential. Positional advantages are magnified with deeper stacks, allowing the in-position player to apply more pressure and benefit from better implied odds.\
[8-Max MTT, 10bb] Folds to SB pre. Why does SB limp premium hands like QQ+? A: To induce bluffs. Limping entices BB to raise more hands which increases EV with QQ+ B: Limping premiums helps SB continue with more hands overall C: To improve the EV of the bottom of our range D: Limping guarantees postflop play with your premium hands\
[Spin & Go, 5bb] Why does BTN shove 5bb with 76s, despite hands like K4o, Q8o, T9o having higher 3-way equity? A: 76s has better implied odds B: 76s blocks more calls C: 76s retains more equity when called D: Equity and EV aren't the same\
[HU SnG, 10bb] SB (IP) limps, BB checks. Flop is K
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  8
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  2
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 , SB bets, BB check-raises. Turn is the 7
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  and BB shoves. What hand class comprises the majority of BB's value shoving range?\
\
A: Sets\
B: Two pair\
C: Top pair\
D: Second pair\
\
Correct answer\
D: Second pair\
Added new class: new class - countering range-bets strategies\
Explanation: This class contains content focused on understanding and applying strategies to counter range-bets in poker. It explores tactical adjustments players can make when facing range-bets, particularly in situations with specific board textures, such as Ace-high paired boards. The content aims to help players optimize their defensive and offensive strategies by recognizing common heuristics and adjusting their play accordingly.\
Entry 1 introduces the focus on specific spots and practical decisions across various poker formats, moving beyond cash game examples. Entry 2 discusses an aggressive check-raise (XR) strategy when facing range-bets from the small blind (SB), particularly on textures with a high probability of a chop. This strategy is due to the large minimum bet size and the need for the big blind (BB) to counteract forced overfolding. Entry 3 mentions a heuristic for countering range-bets in limped pots, particularly on Ace-high paired boards.\
Entry 1:[HU SnG, 10bb] SB (IP) opens 2.5, BB calls. Flop is Q
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  8
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  4
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 , checks through. SB checks turn. What turn card suit should BB check back most often when holding 9
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  8
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 ?\
\
A: 
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  Heart, completing the flush draw\
B: 
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  Diamond, putting two flush draws on board\
C: 
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  Spade\
D: 
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0  Club\
\
Correct answer: A: 
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  Heart, completing the flush draw.\
Entry 1:[HU SnG, 16bb] SB (IP) limps, BB raises to 3, SB calls. Flop is K
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  9
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  7
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0 , BB bets 75%. There's a 57% shove behind. What kind of draw should SB shove most often?\
\
A: Combo draw\
B: Flush draw\
C: Open-ended straight draw\
D: Gutshot\
Entry 2:SHOVING DRAWS ON THE FLOP\
\
CORRECT ANSWER\
A: Combo draw\
Entry 3:There's only a half-pot shove behind, which forces BB to call a shove wider. For this reason, SB constructs a linear strategy using vulnerable top pair and high equity combo draws.\
Entry 4:This strategy targets BB's air (the bottom of their c-bet), and prevents them from c-betting with impunity.\
Added new class: new class - shallow stack strategy techniques\
Explanation: This class contains content focused on strategies and considerations when playing with shallow stack-to-pot ratios (SPR) in poker. It explores how the shallow SPR affects decision-making, particularly in terms of calling and defending against potential overbluffing by aggressors. The content aims to help players optimize their defensive strategies by understanding the implications of SPR on hand selection and opponent tendencies.\
The content discusses strategies for playing with shallow stack-to-pot ratios (SPR). It emphasizes the need for the defender to call off a wide range to prevent the aggressor from overbluffing. Additionally, it notes that the button (BTN) should call with most made hands, while only low pocket pairs remain indifferent.\
Contents of page 189:\
Entry 1:[6Max Cash, 50NL, 20bb] BTN opens 2, BB calls. Flop is 9
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  8
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  7
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 . BTN c-bets 66%, action on BB with top pair. Which of BB's top pair has the lowest EV facing this bet?\
\
A: T
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  9
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0 \
B: 9
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  6
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0 \
C: A
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  9
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0 \
D: Q
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  9
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0 \
Entry 2:EVALUATING PAIRS ON DANGEROUS BOARDS\
\
Correct answer\
D: Q
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  9
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0 \
Has the lowest EV.\
Entry 3:On draw-heavy boards like this, draws overperform and made hands underperform. Pairs that connect with the 987 tend to over-realize their equity as they're more likely to get to showdown.\
Entry 4:Q
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  9
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  doesn't connect with the straight draws, and backdoor hearts are less valuable when stacks are short. 96s and T9o have an open-ender, while A
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  9
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  is less dominated by other top pairs and unblocks bluffs.\
The content discusses strategies for 3-betting flops in shortstack pots, focusing on how vulnerable medium hands like 77/88 can be used to shove effectively. It highlights the importance of denying equity to overcards and making the opponent's weaker hands indifferent. The strategy relies on understanding range-betting dynamics and utilizing blockers to optimize 3-bet shoving decisions.\
Entry 1:[8-Max MTT, 20bb] HJ opens 2, BB calls. Flop is J
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  6
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  5
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 . HJ bets half pot, BB calls. What turn card should BB donk most often?\
A: A
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 \
B: 2
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0 \
C: 6
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0 \
D: T
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0 \
Entry 2:Correct answer\
A: A 
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 \
Entry 3:The Ace of hearts removes many flushes from BTN's range, whereas BB doesn't have many Ace-x hands to start with because they raise these preflop.\
\
This gives BB a big nut advantage on the turn, allowing them to donk most of their range.\
\
A 6 of diamonds is also good, as HJ checks back most of their 6x on the flop, whereas BB calls these hands.\
\
The 2 of spades and T of spades are not good for BB's range.\
Contents of page 192:\
Entry 1:[NL500 6-Max Cash, 100bb] CO opens, BTN calls, action on BB. Which hands gain EV going multiway, as compared to if BTN had folded? Which hands gain pot share multiway? A: 55 B: A6s C: AJo D: 76s\
Entry 2:[Spin & Go, 25-25-25] BTN opens 2, BB calls. Which flop does BTN prefer to use the largest c-bet size?\
\
A: A
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  A
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  A
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0 \
B: Q
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  J
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  T
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 \
C: J
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  T
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  6
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 \
D: 9
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  6
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  3
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0 \
Entry 3:Stack Depth\
SPIN FLOP C-BET STRATEGIES\
Correct answer\
D: 9 of hearts, 6 of diamonds, 3 of clubs\
Entry 4:The bottom of BTN's offsuit opening range is 9x. This gives BTN a sufficient top pair advantage on 963r to create an aggressive strategy. These 9x top pairs are quite vulnerable, while still being ahead of most of BB's range. This gives BTN an incentive to bet larger to fold out overcards and gutshots, cleaning up their outs so that they can continue to attack on most turn cards.\
The content discusses constructing a probing range for the BB on the turn in a Heads-Up Sit & Go with a midstack and a specific board texture (J
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  T
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  6
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  2
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0 ). It suggests using larger bet sizes due to the presence of many draws and the opportunity to adopt an aggressive line with medium-strength hands, as the 2
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  does not significantly improve the SB's check-back range. The BB can leverage this to apply pressure effectively.\
The content discusses evaluating strategies for midstack scenarios, focusing on how different flops interact with the ranges of the small blind (SB) and big blind (BB). It highlights that the SB's range is condensed with more medium-strength hands and King-x hands, which benefits on flops like K
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  Q
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  3
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 . In contrast, the BB's range is polarized with more Ace-x hands, pocket pairs, and bluffs, which perform better on low or Ace-high flops. Understanding these dynamics helps players make strategic decisions based on range construction and stack depth.\
Entry 1:[8-Max MTT, 30bb] CO open, SB calls. Flop is Q
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  9
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  8
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0 . CO c-bets 33%, SB calls. Turn is the Q
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0 , checks through. The river is the Q
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0 . How does SB construct their river probe betting range? (129% shove behind)\
A: Polarized Shove - With quads, 9x boats, and bluffs\
B: Linear half-pot bet - Top down value with quads, 9x, 8x, pocket pairs, no bluffs\
C: Merged block bet - Mostly middle strength value hands like 9x and 8x, and straights, balanced with a few quads and bluffs\
Entry 2:Stack Depth\
OOP BET CONSTRUCTION ON TRIP RIVERS\
Correct answer\
C: Merged block bet - Mostly middle strength value hands like 9x and 8x, balanced with a few quads and bluffs\
Entry 3:CO has many strong overpairs to the 9, and quads, which prevent SB from betting too large on the river.\
Entry 1:[8-Max MTT, 35bb] CO vs SB 3BP. Flop is Q
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  4
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  4
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0 , SB range-bets 25%, CO (Hero) calls. What turn card benefits CO's range the most?\
\
A: Ace\
B: King\
C: Queen\
D: Four\
Entry 2:Stack Depth\
EVALUATING TURN CARDS IN SHORT 3BP\
Correct answer\
C: Queen\
Entry 3:Examine the range asymmetries! SB doesn't have much offsuit Qx in range, whereas CO does.\
\
SB's main advantage are their overpairs. CO has proportionally twice as many top pair after they call the flop.\
\
Those Qx hands become a boats advantage in the defender's favor on a queen turn.\
Added new class: new class - equity realization and decision-making analysis\
Explanation: This class contains content focused on analyzing the decision-making process in poker, particularly in relation to stack depth and equity realization. It explores how different strategic decisions (call, raise, fold) affect the expected value (EV) of hands in various scenarios, especially when facing bets. The content aims to help players optimize their strategic choices by understanding the implications of equity realization and stack depth on their decision-making process.\
The content discusses the strategic decision-making process for different hands in a 6-max cash game scenario with 40bb stacks. It highlights the importance of understanding equity realization when deciding whether to call, raise, or fold. Specifically, it analyzes the EV of A
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  J
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  when facing a turn bet and explains why it might be preferable to slow-play certain hands due to their blocking properties. Additionally, it contrasts the strategic incentives for fast-playing vulnerable hands like K
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  Q
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  and K
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  Q
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 , as well as considering the potential value extraction with T
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  T
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0  despite its vulnerabilities on certain runouts.\
The content discusses how implied odds decrease with shorter stacks, affecting the value extraction potential of suited wheel aces like A5s. With low stack depths, Big Blind's 3-betting strategy favors offsuit blocker hands and pairs due to the threat of facing a shove. However, at deeper stack depths, suited wheel aces become effective as 3-bets, leveraging the ability to extract value on later streets.\
The content discusses strategies for playing in a 6-max cash game with a straddle and ante, specifically at 100bb. It highlights the importance of adjusting strategies in such games, noting that the presence of a straddle affects stack depth and range considerations. On wet flops like 9
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  8
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  4
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0 , players should fast-play vulnerable made hands and consider raising with a wider range to prevent opponents from c-betting freely, given the wide range of the straddle.\
Contents of page 200:\
Entry 1:[8-Max MTT, 60bb] BTN vs HJ 3BP. BTN c-bets 25% flop and 75% turn, runout is A
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  T
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0  T
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  2
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0 . What's the strongest hand HJ should consider folding to the turn barrel?\
\
A: A
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  7
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0 \
B: K
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  Q
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0 \
C: J
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  J
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0 \
D: A
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  J
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0 \
Entry 2:A: A
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  7
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  - This is the top of HJ's folding range. These dominated top pair hands have poor reverse implied odds, but must defend at some frequency to prevent BTN from overbluffing.\
\
B: K
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  Q
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  - This flush draw should always call - it's still ahead of BTN's bluffs, and can outdraw their value. In addition, it has some implied odds with another half-pot shove behind on the river.\
Entry 1: [8-Max Cash Straddle+Ante, 150bb] Folds to SB who limps, BB ISO's to 12, STR folds, SB calls. Flop is K
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  5
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  4
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 , SB checks, BB c-bets 33%, SB calls. SB donks 33% on turn 6
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 , BB calls. SB shoves 134% on T
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  river. What's the strongest hand BB folds?\
Entry 2: Correct answer C: A
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  A
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0 \
Entry 3: Keep in mind 150bb = 75 straddles! When stacks are shorter, you need to stack off wider as a consequence of MDF.\
Facing this river shove, BB needs to find calls with many top pairs and worse, as they cannot afford to fold 95% of their range and only defend flushes.\
Entry 4: This obscure line sees the defender becoming the aggressor as the 6
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  turn and brick river greatly benefits their range.\
Interestingly, A
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0 A
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0  is actually weaker than A
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 K
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  as it blocks fewer Kx two pair and fewer flushes.\
44 and K5s are too strong to fold.\
[8-max MTT, 80bb] UTG opens, BB calls. What flop texture features the most UTG overbetting?\
\
A: Ace-high\
B: Connected\
C: 9-high\
D: Paired\
Added new class: new class - unblocker strategy analysis\
Explanation: This class contains content focused on understanding and utilizing the concept of unblocking in poker strategy. It explores how certain card holdings can influence an opponent's range by not blocking potential bluffs or value hands, thereby affecting the decision-making process in calling or folding situations. This analysis helps players make more informed strategic decisions by recognizing when their holdings allow opponents to have bluffs or value hands.\
The content discusses the importance of selecting flush draws carefully on a double-FD runout to avoid being exploitable to value bets. It highlights the strategic consideration of unblocking calls, noting that players prefer to call with draws that do not interact with their opponent's bluffs.\
[HU Cash, 100bb] SB (IP) opens, BB 3-bets, SB calls. What flop texture features the most frequent and largest c-bets?\
\
A: Low flops (2-6 high)\
B: Mid flops (7-9 high)\
C: High flops (T-K high)\
D: Ace high flops\
\
Correct answer\
B: Mid flops (7-9 high)\
The page discusses strategies for playing with varying stack depths, particularly in deep 3-bet pots (3BP). It highlights that when the Button (BTN) faces a turn bet, they should always call the 3-bet preflop to setmine when 100bb deep. On a dry flop, BTN needs to defend more made hands, including weaker pairs and gutshots. However, when the turn card hits the Small Blind's (SB) bluffs, BTN should fold static pairs worse than a Ten, as their equity decreases.\
Entry 2: [NL50 6-Max Cash, 100bb] CO opens, BB calls. CO range-bets J
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  2
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  2
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0 , BB check-raises, CO calls. Turn is A
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0 , BB overbets 125%. Which of CO's bluff catchers has the highest call EV?\
\
A: A
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  Q
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0 \
B: A
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  K
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0 \
C: J
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  7
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0 \
D: Q
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  T
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0 \
\
Correct answer: C: J
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0  7
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0 \
Entry 1:[NL500 6-Max Cash, 100bb] UTG opens 2, HJ 3-bets to 6.5, UTG calls. Flop is 6
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  5
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  2
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0  and checks through. Turn is A
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 , UTG overbet-probes the turn for 175%, action on HJ with a pot-sized shove behind. Which of HJ's bluff catchers has the highest EV?\
\
A: 3
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  3
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0 \
B: A
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  4
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0 \
C: A
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  K
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0 \
D: A
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  Q
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0 \
\
Correct answer\
B: A
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  4
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0 \
\
UTG's probe overbet represents mostly sets and two pair for value. HJ's best bluff catchers will have implied odds against this range.\
Similar to yesterday's DD, we note that in deepstack games implied odds become a larger factor.\
\
The deeper stacks allow the aggressor to polarize harder with stronger value, forcing us to reconsider our bluff catchers.\
\
A
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0 4
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  has outs to a gutshot, trips, and two pair.\
\
This hand has reasonable implied odds and can outdraw some of UTG's value hands. It also unblocks bluffs, and blocks some value such as UTG's two pair.\
\
3
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 3
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0  also has outs to a gutshot and a weak set. It has good implied odds, but less equity overall.\
\
The 3x outs are somewhat poisoned as a 3 completes some of BB's straight draws.\
\
A
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0 K
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  and A
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0 Q
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  play closer to a static bluff catcher with few outs to improve. These hands have high equity but terrible realization.\
\
Half of your outs are poisoned by the flush draw, and none of your outs can outdraw a set.\
The content discusses strategic considerations on 5-flush monotone boards where both players arrive at the river with wide uncapped ranges. The strategy focuses on bluffing opponents off a chop and adjusting river 3-bet value thresholds down to the 2nd nut flush due to the chop dynamics.\
[HU Cash, 150bb] SB (IP) opens, BB calls. SB c-bets 150% on the flop, 100% on the turn, and the board runs out A
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  T
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0  9
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0  K
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  2
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0 . What's the weakest hand SB can shove (200%) the river with?\
\
A: Straight\
B: Set\
C: Two pair\
D: Top pair\
Entry 1: [NL50 6-Max Cash, 200bb] BB vs UTG 3BP. BB triple-barrels 66%, 66%, 102% on flop-turn-river, UTG calls it down. The board runs out A
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  K
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  2
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  7
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  8
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0 . If UTG starts with 4.5% flushes on the flop, and never raises. What percentage of their final call-down range will be a flush by the river? A: 10% B: 25% C: 35% D: 50% \
Entry 3: Multiply the Minimum Defense Frequency of each street, starting on the flop, to figure out how wide they call down. UTG's final range is only 18% of their starting range. 4.5/18 = 25%.\
Entry 1: [NL500 6-Max Cash, 200bb] CO vs BB SRP. Flop is Q
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  7
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  6
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0 , CO c-bets flop 33%, BB XR 50% CO call. BB barrels 130% on the turned 4
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0 , then shoves 256% on the 4
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  river. What hand class comprises the majority of BBs river shove? A: Straight flushes B: Full houses C: Flushes D: Straights Entry 2: Correct answer B: Full houses Entry 3: As you play deeper, stack-off ranges become tighter and tighter. Due to these huge sizes, CO's call-down range is incredibly tight. BB's shove targets CO's flushes for indifference, so they need to polarize with hands stronger than flushes. Entry 4: CO needs 42% equity to call the river shove, which means 42% of BB's shoving range should be bluffs. They bluff with pairs that block boats, such as 6x/7x. Entry 5: We've explored the effects of stack depth throughout this month. When stacks are shallow, vulnerable made hands often fast-play, and call down ranges are wide. As stacks get deeper, nut advantage plays a bigger role. Polarizing strategies with huge sizes come into play, which can quickly narrow the ranges. Draws and implied odds play a much bigger role. You need to be cognizant of the relationship between nut advantage and stack depth, and how that influences your range construction and hand incentives. Entry 6: Stack off range by depth\
The content discusses how an overbet strategy can generate more value with the top of your range on boards like Ace-Broadway-Brick, as opposed to range-betting. It highlights that medium strength hands need protection from stronger hands and that putting value into an overbet line necessitates checking more often. The low relative value of fold equity on a board like AQ2 suggests that maximizing value with overbets is preferable. Aggregate reports indicate that this overbet trend is consistent across similar board textures.\
Entry 1:[NL500 6-Max Cash, 100bb] CO open 2.3, BB calls. Flop is Q
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  Q
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  2
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0  and CO range-bets for 33% pot. BB is supposed to check-raise more than 28% of their range here. Why does BB raise so aggressively?\
\
A: BB has a nut advantage in Qx trips\
B: BB check-raises more often to make up for overfolding\
C: BB wants to put CO's unmade high cards in a tough spot\
D: BB doesn't have many hands worth calling, so they don't need to protect their calling range\
Entry 1:[6-Max Cash, 50NL, 100bb] HJ opens 2.5, BB calls. Flop is A
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  8
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  6
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0 , checks through. Across all possible turn cards, what is BB's most used probe sizing?\
\
A: Small (below 36%)\
B: Medium (36% - 67%)\
C: Large (67% - 100%)\
D: Overbet (101%+)\
Entry 2:Correct answer\
D: Overbet (101%+)\
Entry 3:On boards like this, BB can't really value bet top pair or medium-strength hands. BB's best strategy is to create huge overbets with strong value like two pair+. Overbets are the most common turn probe sizing on many dry boards after flop checks through (100bb deep).\
Entry 4:Here we see BB's strategy across all turn cards:\
Entry 1:[NL500 6-Max Cash, 200bb] CO opens 2.5, BB calls. Flop is King of spades, 7 of spades, 4 of diamonds. CO c-bets 33%, BB calls. Turn is Jack of diamonds. How should CO construct their turn c-bet?\
\
A: Medium bet, pushing middle pairs and vulnerable made hands\
B: Larger bet, pushing top and medium pairs to deny equity\
C: Overbet with mostly nutted hands for value, and mostly check back most one pair hands\
D: Mostly check back, or bet small with a merged range\
Entry 2:Correct answer\
C: Overbet with mostly two pair+ for value, and mostly check back one pair hands.\
Entry 3:Turn overbets are very common after betting small on the flop. This is especially true 200bb deep. CO has a big nut advantage and wants to polarize and play for stacks.\
Entry 4:Turn overbets are most common when the turn card connects with the aggressor and doesn't complete draws.\
\
The jack gives CO plenty of extra nutted hands without completing many draws.\
\
CO should bet huge and play for stacks with strong value.\
Added new class: new class - range construction techniques\
Explanation: This class contains content focused on understanding and constructing optimal ranges in different poker scenarios. It explores how players can build and adjust their ranges based on board texture, positional disadvantages, and opponent tendencies. The content aims to help players optimize their strategic decisions by recognizing the strengths and weaknesses of different range constructions and adjusting their play accordingly.\
Entry 1 discusses the construction of a value c-betting range for HJ on a specific flop. Entry 2 introduces tactics for playing against cold-callers out of position (OOP). Entries 3 and 4 analyze the BTN's condensed cold-calling range and highlight HJ's positional and range disadvantage. Key takeaways include understanding how BTN's cold-calling range can dominate certain flop textures and the importance of defensive play when at a range disadvantage.\
Entry 1: [8-Max MTT, 30bb] HJ opens, CO calls. Flop and turn check through, the board is T
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  T
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  9
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  2
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0  9
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 . How should HJ construct their river value betting range?\
\
A: Check your entire range\
B: Block-bet small with Ace high and some nuts/bluffs to put IP's high cards in a tough spot\
C: Bet a medium size with overpairs to extract thin value from Ace high calls\
D: Overbet with boats and overpairs\
\
Entry 2: Correct answer\
D: Overbet with boats and overpairs\
Balance with 0-equity bluffs.\
\
Entry 3: Construct your betting strategy around your value hands.\
\
On many double-paired runouts a small block bet can be justified with Ace high (for value). However, that heuristic applies to wide formations. In this scenario, CO cold-called a HJ open, so their range is already very condensed towards pocket pairs and Ace high.\
\
When your opponent\'92s range is condensed towards medium hands, you need to shift your value target appropriately. Instead of targeting air with a block-bet, CO attacks using a polarized overbet representing boats or nothing!\
Entry 1:[HU MTT, 50bb] SB (IP) opens, BB calls. Flop is K
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0 Q
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 6
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 . SB c-bet 25%, BB calls. Turn is 2
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0 . SB c-bets 150%. What hand is indifferent between calling and folding?\
\
A: K
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0 3
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0 \
B: Q
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0 9
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 \
C: 9
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 4
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 \
D: J
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0 T
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 \
Entry 2:Tactics\
FACING TURN OVERBETS\
\
Correct answer\
B: Q
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  9
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 \
\
Remember, turn overbets are common after small flop bets, especially on turns that DO NOT complete draws.\
Entry 3:A: K
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0 3
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  is a pure call. Top pair is simply far too strong to fold at this point heads up.\
\
B: Q
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0 9
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  is indifferent between calling and folding. That means the EV of a call is the same as a fold - 0bb.\
\
C: 9
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 4
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  This flush draw is actually a pure fold! While most flush draws call, this one in particular blocks too many bluffs, and doesn't block enough value.\
\
D: J
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0 T
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  This straight draw is a pure call. JT blocks a good portion of BTN's value range such as KJ and KT.\
Entry 4:Heads up poker involves playing a very wide range of hands. You need to find enough calls to avoid getting exploited by bluffs. BB needs to call about 40% of their range (MDF) to remain unexploitable. Here we can see a breakdown of BB's hands on the turn. The continuation threshold for made hands is roughly bad 2nd pair.\
The content focuses on finding donk bets against tight ranges. It examines scenarios where the big blind (BB) might consider donking on the turn, especially when the board pairs a card that BB has an advantage in, such as 6x in this example. The BB's range is narrowed towards second pair after calling the flop bet, while the under-the-gun (UTG) player has a tight range with fewer 6x hands. Thus, when the 6 pairs on the turn, the BB can have a significant number of strong hands (boats), making it advantageous to lead out with a donk bet.\
Entry 1: [NL50 6-Max Cash, 100bb] SB opens, BB calls. Flop is A
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  9
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  3
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 , SB bets 2 and BB calls. What kind of turn cards should SB c-bet using smaller bet sizes?\
\
A: Offsuit bricks\
B: Flush-completing turns\
C: Board pairing turns\
D: Jack, Queen, or King (not 
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 )\
Entry 2: Correct answer B: Flush-completing turns C: Board pairing turns Both B: and C: are correct!\
Entry 3: Consider the range asymmetries.\
\
BB raises many strong hands on the flop. So they should be relatively capped on brick turns when they elect to call the flop bet instead.\
\
Turns that add many nutted hands to villain's range force SB to size down.\
\
Draw-completing turns, or paired turns, both add a significant number of nutted hands to the ranges, which prevents SB from using large sizes.\
Entry 4: When SB is forced to use smaller bet sizes, they should construct their c-bet using a "depolarized" range that contains more medium-strength hands.\
\
"Medium" strength is relative in this context. For example, top pair only has about 65% equity on a flush-completed turn board.\
Entry 1: [8-Max MTT, 30bb] CO opens, BB calls. CO c-bets 33% flop, turn checks through, action on BB on the river, Q of Spades 5 of Diamonds 4 of Diamonds 9 of Spades A of Clubs. What's the weakest hand BB can bet for value?\
\
A: Any made hand\
B: Second/Third pair\
C: Top pair\
D: Two pair+\
\
Entry 2: Correct answer B: Second/Third pair\
\
Entry 3: When CO checked the turn, they capped their range. BB would prefer to bet larger on most brick rivers. But the A
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0  connects well with CO's range, turning a lot of their air into top pair, and equalizing the equity distributions somewhat.\
\
Entry 4: BB's 2nd pair is still strong enough to bet for value as Queen-x still has over 65% equity. Their best strategy here is a block-bet, maximizing their equity realization with medium-strength hands.\
Entry 1:[8-Max MTT, 50bb] BTN vs SB 3-bet pot. SB c-bets 25% on the 5
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  3
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  3
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0  flop. Why does BTN want to raise 23% of their range?\
\
A: To deny equity\
B: BTN wants to push their equity advantage\
C: BTN lacks medium hands that want to call\
D: This play helps over-realize equity with vulnerable made hands\
Entry 2:Correct answer\
D: This play helps over-realize equity with vulnerable made hands\
A: Denying equity is also a good answer!\
Added new class: new class - squeezing strategy techniques\
Explanation: This class contains content focused on understanding and applying squeezing strategies in poker, particularly when out of position. It explores how to construct squeezing ranges based on opponent tendencies, stack sizes, and positional disadvantages. The content aims to help players optimize their squeezing strategies by recognizing when to use linear versus polarized ranges and how to exploit capped calling ranges.\
The content discusses constructing a linear squeezing range from the BB in a 3-way pot, emphasizing that calls are more frequent than 4-bets due to the BTN's capped range. The BB can focus on value hands in their squeezing range rather than worrying about over-calls, as the HJ cannot exploit them easily in this situation.\
Entry 1:[NL500 6-Max Cash, 100bb] HJ opens 2bb, BB calls. On the flop, when HJ c-bets 33% pot, BB folds 42% of their range on average. Why does BB overfold postflop so much? Isn't this exploitable?\
\
A: BB has a big discount to enter the pot preflop, so they can afford to overfold the flop\
B: HJ's range is so strong compared to BB on the flop, that BB has to fold more\
C: BB calls wide preflop to take advantage of implied odds, getting a great price to see 3 cards\
Entry 2:Correct answer\
C: BB calls wide preflop to take advantage of implied odds, getting a great price to see 3 cards.\
The MDF facing a 33% pot-sized bet is to defend 75% of range, and fold 25% (alpha).\
Entry 3:A: and B: are common explanations for why BB overfolds on the flop, but they create more questions than they answer.\
\
A: BB still has a discount to continue on the flop facing a 1/3 pot bet, getting 4 to 1 on a call. Getting a great price preflop doesn't explain why you overfold postflop.\
\
B: HJ's range is certainly stronger on most flops, forcing BB to overfold, but then why does BB call so wide preflop in the first place? Why not just defend tighter pre?\
Entry 4:OVERDEFEND PRE - OVERFOLD POST\
\
BB vs HJ flop c-bet (NL500 aggregate reports)\
Alpha vs GTO fold%\
Entry 5:The answer is implied odds. The value of seeing 3 board cards for 1bb and outdrawing HJ for a big payoff is significant enough to justify over-calling preflop and over-folding postflop. BB only needs to capture 18% of the pot to justify calling pre. This plan of over-defending pre, and over-folding post is a common strategy when facing small preflop raises from strong ranges.\
\
See the end of the Preflop Mechanics video for more!\
Entry 1:[NL500 6-Max Cash, 100bb] SB is often played as a raise/fold vs an IP open. GTO actually calls in the SB sometimes though. Which of these spots should SB call the widest?\
\
A: vs UTG opens 2 bb\
B: vs HJ opens 2 bb\
C: vs CO opens 2.3 bb\
D: vs BTN opens 2.5 bb\
Contents of page 226:\
\
Entry 1:[8-Max MTT, 50bb] CO opens 2.3, BB calls. Flop is A
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  9
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  4
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0 , CO c-bets 33% pot. Which of these hands are a good candidate for bluff check-raising?\
\
A: K
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  Q
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0 \
B: 4
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  3
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0 \
C: 6
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  5
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0 \
D: 5
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  3
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0 \
\
Entry 2:Tactics: FINDING CHECK-RAISES ON DRY ACE FLOPS\
\
Correct answer\
A: K
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  Q
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  Incorrect. This hand prefers to call.\
B: 4
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  3
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  Correct!\
C: 6
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  5
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  Correct!\
D: 5
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  3
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  Correct!\
\
Entry 3:CO has a significant range advantage and should be range-betting this flop.\
\
On dry ace flops, the BB needs to find some unnatural check-raises, so they turn hands like bottom pair or 6 high with double backdoor draws into a bluff.\
\
Entry 4:KQs actually has reasonable equity through a call, and doesn\'92t fold out many worse hands as a bluff.\
\
Identifying which hands prefer to call, and which have incentive to raise, is important when you need to find counterintuitive check-raises on these kinds of flops.\
The content discusses the strategic viability of donk betting on different flops based on the small blind's (SB) nut advantage over the under-the-gun (UTG) player's range. It highlights scenarios where SB has more sets, straights, and two-pair hands, making donk betting justifiable, such as on boards 7
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  5
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  4
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  or 5
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  4
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  3
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0 . Conversely, on flops like 6
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  5
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  5
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0 , where the SB lacks sufficient nutted hands, leading is not justified.\
Added new class: new class - block-betting and river decision strategies\
Explanation: This class contains content focused on understanding and applying strategies for block-betting and making river decisions in poker, particularly in out-of-position three-bet pots (3BP). It explores how players can use block-bets to manipulate opponents' responses and determine optimal river strategies based on range asymmetries and nut advantages. The content aims to help players make informed strategic decisions on which river cards to shove based on board texture and opponent range.\
Entry 1: Identifies the most strategic river card for SB to shove on in a 3BP scenario, highlighting the decision-making process.\
Entry 2: Describes the BLOCK-BLOCK-JAM tactic out of position in a 3BP.\
Entry 3: Discusses comparing range asymmetries to determine when SB can overbet on the river.\
Entry 4: Analyzes how an ace river doesn't create a significant nut advantage.\
Entry 5: Explains how a King river can provide SB with enough advantage to shove, turning pairs into stronger hands without completing many draws.\
Added new class: new class - out-of-position turn strategy techniques\
Explanation: This class contains content focused on understanding and applying strategic techniques for playing out-of-position (OOP) on the turn in poker. It explores how players can effectively manage their betting and checking strategies across different stack sizes and board textures when playing from the blinds or other out-of-position situations. The content aims to help players optimize their turn strategy by understanding the distribution of their betting frequencies and the impact of board changes.\
The content provides a strategic breakdown of the Small Blind's (SB) turn play in an out-of-position, blind-versus-blind scenario. It outlines the specific betting percentages for different bet sizes, as well as the frequency of checking, based on the given board texture (J
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  8
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  7
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  A
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0 ) and stack sizes (SB 95, BB 95). The SB's strategy includes no all-in plays, a variety of bet sizes ranging from 3.3 to 13, and a checking frequency of 21.3%.\
Entry 1: Tactics: BET CHECK BET ON CONNECTED RUNOUTS\
Correct answer: D: Straights\
Entry 2: This is something of a trick question. Most two pair and top pair are strong enough to value bet. But any jack is a straight, so BTN's betting range contains more straights overall.\
Entry 1:[Heads Up Cash, 100bb] Single-raised pot. SB (IP) triple barrels then folds to the river check-raise shove. The board is Q
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  J
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  7
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  2
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  9
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 . What hand class is appropriate to triple barrel and fold to a shove?\
\
A: Flushes\
B: Straights\
C: Sets\
D: Two Pair\
Entry 2:Correct answer A: Flushes - Incorrect. Flushes should almost always call. B: Straights - Correct. Most straights are indifferent between calling and folding. C: Sets - Correct. Most sets are indifferent between calling and folding. D: Two Pair - Correct. Most two pair are indifferent between calling and folding.\
Entry 3:BB's river check-raise consists of flushes for value, and 2nd pair or worse as bluffs. Therefore, any hand between 2nd pair and a flush in SB's range is a bluff catcher with EV close to 0.\
Entry 4:To put this another way, a set has about the same equity as top pair facing this shove.\
All of these hands mix folds and calls. The only hand class that cannot justify folding is a flush, as flushes beat some value bets.\
Entry 5:If you suspect your opponent is under-bluffing, then most of these bluff catchers become -EV calls and should be folded. In that case you'd only want to call with medium-strong made flushes. If you suspect your opponent is bluffing too much, then most bluff catchers become a +EV call.\
The content discusses how BB should construct their river probe strategy in a situation where HJ has capped their range by checking back the turn. BB's strategy involves splitting between block-bets and overbets. Block-bets are used for extracting thin value with medium-strength hands, while overbets are employed with top pair good kicker and stronger hands for maximum value. The importance of understanding opponent's range and the impact of capped ranges on equity is emphasized, illustrating how BB's top pair can have over 90% equity on the river and play like the nuts. This approach helps players in recognizing when to apply pressure with probing strategies based on opponent's actions and board texture.\
Entry 2: [3-Handed MTT, (ICM) 50-30-5] BTN opens 2bb, SB folds, action on the shortstack BB who has 5bb. How should BB construct their strategy? A: Shove hands they want to continue, fold the rest B: Shove a polarized range, call everything in between C: Shove linearly, call wide D: Shove linearly, call tight Entry 3: Tactics: Shoving Short Stacks for Your Tournament Life Correct answer C: Shove linearly, call wide Entry 4: When we shove, BTN is priced in and should call their entire opening range. Therefore, we should shove linearly for value. Entry 5: BB gets to call wide as stacks are so short they realize most of their postflop equity. Furthermore, they only need to capture 20% of the pot to justify calling. Calling tight would be a mistake - most hands have a +EV call.\
Added new class: new class - out-of-position value betting techniques\
Explanation: This class contains content focused on understanding and applying value betting strategies when playing out-of-position (OOP) in poker. It explores how players can leverage situations where they have less than 50% equity to still extract value, particularly in low stack-to-pot ratio (SPR) scenarios. The content emphasizes the relative value of checking versus betting in these spots and provides insights on how to adjust betting strategies when having positional disadvantages.\
The content discusses value betting with less than 50% equity when out-of-position (OOP) in low SPR scenarios. It highlights how the incentive to check decreases, thereby increasing the incentive to bet. In these situations, OOP players can shove thin value hands that might be behind when called, as the value of checking is lower. The discussion also notes that in-position (IP) players might bet if the OOP player checks, placing them in a difficult position, thus emphasizing the strategic importance of betting relative to checking.\
Entry 1: [NL500 6-Max Cash, 100bb] SB vs BB SRP. SB c-bets 33% on the flop and barrels 175% on the turn on a board of A
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  J
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  4
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  2
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0  with 5
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  4
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 . On which river card(s) should SB shove this hand? Entry 2: Tactics: OWNING DRAWS WITH BIG TURN BETS\
\
Correct answer\
C: Q 
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 \
Entry 3: Facing the 175% turn overbet, the BB continues some combos of KQ, KT and QT. On a Q river these hands beat 5 of hearts 4 of hearts which eliminates all of its showdown value.\
Entry 1 describes a hand history scenario in a 6-max cash game where the player in the HJ position uses a delayed c-bet on the turn and overbets the river. Entry 2 introduces the concept of finding bluffs on 4-flush runouts, focusing on BB's river strategy with TT. Entry 3 explains the importance of using blockers and unblockers when choosing river bluff raise combos, highlighting TT's role in blocking villain's continues and unblocking their folds effectively on monotone boards. Entry 4 repeats the tactics topic of finding bluffs on 4-flush runouts.\
Added new class: new class - flop 3-betting strategy techniques\
Explanation: This class contains content focused on understanding and applying strategies for 3-betting on the flop in poker. It explores how different stack depths affect the construction of 3-bet ranges and the importance of blockers and nutted hands in these scenarios. The content aims to help players optimize their flop strategy by recognizing when to 3-bet with certain hands and how to adjust their play based on stack sizes and board textures.\
Entry 1: [NL500 6-Max Cash, 100bb] CO vs BB SRP. CO c-bets 75% on the flop and BB raises pot on a board of J
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  9
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  4
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 . Which hand does CO 3-bet the flop with most often? Options: A: A
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  J
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0 , B: T
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  T
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0 , C: Q
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  9
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0 , D: K
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  Q
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0 . Entry 2: Tactics 3-Betting Flops. CO flop strategy with Q9s vs check-raise. Entry 3: In Daily Dose of GTO #190, we examined 3-betting flops at short stack depths where 3-bet shoves were constructed around vulnerable medium hands. At deep stack depths where stack off ranges tighten, blocking nutted hands becomes much more valuable. CO\'92s 3-bet range is primarily built around their nutted hands (JJ and 99) and blockers to BB\'92s nutted hands such as 99 and 44. Entry 4: Tactics: 3-Betting Flops.\
Added new class: new class - overbet strategy techniques\
Explanation: This class contains content focused on understanding and applying overbet strategies in poker. It explores how players can leverage overbetting to deny equity to opponents and capitalize on range advantages. This analysis helps players recognize when overbetting is strategically advantageous, particularly against opponents with condensed ranges that lack nutted hands.\
Entry 1 presents a scenario asking which flop is best for UTG to use an overbet c-bet size, indicating strategic decision-making based on flop texture. Entry 2 introduces the concept of overbetting against condensed ranges. Entry 3 explains how UTG's range can leverage overpair advantage on certain boards to deny equity to opponents with fewer nutted hands. Entry 4 discusses how overbetting can make opponents' medium pairs indifferent between folding and calling, particularly when facing condensed ranges from the SB position.\
Added new class: new class - turn barreling strategy techniques\
Explanation: This class contains content focused on understanding and applying strategies for barreling on the turn in poker. It explores how to choose which hands to continue betting with on the turn in 3-bet pots, considering factors such as hand strength, board texture, and potential risks of facing a raise. The content aims to help players optimize their turn strategy by identifying hands that can comfortably continue betting and those that are better suited for checking back to retain equity.\
The content discusses strategies for barreling on the turn in 3-bet pots, highlighting the importance of selecting hands that can withstand a raise. Middling hands like K
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  J
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  and J
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  T
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  should be checked back to retain their implied odds, while hands like A
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0  Q
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  and K
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0  Q
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  are better suited for continuing the aggression. This approach helps to construct a betting range that can handle pressure from opponents, optimizing turn strategy in scenarios where frequent raises are expected.\
Entry 1: [NL500 6-Max Cash, 100bb] SB vs BTN 3-bet pot. SB checks, BTN bets 20% and SB calls. BTN barrels turn for 50% and SB calls again. Action is on the BTN on the river on a board of 8
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  5
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  2
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  6
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  2
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0 . What is the weakest hand that the BTN can shove for value?\
Entry 1: [NL500 6-Max Cash, 100bb] BU vs BB single-raised pot. After the flop checks through on a board of T
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  6
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  2
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  Q
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0 . Which of the following hands does BB check most often on the turn?\
\
A: 6
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  6
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0 \
B: Q
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  T
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0 \
C: J
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  9
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0 \
D: 5
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  4
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0 \
\
Entry 2: Correct answer\
A: 6 of spades, 6 of diamonds\
\
Entry 3: The BB needs to trap some nutted hands to protect their checking range. 66 is a good candidate to slowplay as it blocks BTN's 3rd pair check-backs.\
\
BB expects to face aggression more often when they check their set of 66's on the turn, compared to hands like QT.\
Entry 1:[NL500 6-Max Cash, 100bb] CO vs BB single-raised pot. BB faces a 50% c-bet on a board of J
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  8
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  5
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0 . Which strong made hand plays the lowest frequency raise?\
\
A: 8
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0  5
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0 \
B: J
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  5
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0 \
C: J
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  8
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0 \
D: 5
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  5
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0 \
Contents of page 243:\
Entry 1:[8-Max MTT, 15bb] SB vs BB limped pot. SB bets 33% and barrels for pot on the turn. The board runs out A
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  Q
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  4
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  8
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  2
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0 . Action is on the SB, what is the weakest hand class that shoves for value?\
\
A: Two pair\
B: Top pair\
C: Second pair\
D: Bottom pair\
Entry 2:Offense: LIMP TRIPLE BARREL\
Correct answer: C: Second pair\
Entry 3:Here we can see SB's equity at showdown.\
\
Even hands as weak as Q3s have about 50% when called.\
Entry 1:[NL500 6-Max Cash, 50bb] UTG vs BB SRP. UTG c-bets min on a board of Q
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  4
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  4
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0 . Which of the following hands can check-raise?\
\
A: 4
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  4
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0 \
B: A
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  3
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 \
C: K
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  2
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 \
D: 6
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  5
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 \
Entry 2:Offense: HALF-STACKED CHECK-RAISES ON DRY BOARDS\
\
Correct answer\
B: A
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  3
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 \
C: K
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  2
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 \
D: 6
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  5
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 \
B, C, and D: all check-raise!\
Entry 3:Offense\
HALF-STACKED CHECK-RAISES ON DRY BOARDS\
\
A
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 3
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 , K
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 2
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  and 6
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 5
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  all have a combination of backdoor flush and straight draws, or overcard draws.\
\
On dry paired boards you need to get creative with bluffs and look for hands that can outdraw villain's value on later streets!\
Entry 4:4
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0 4
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  will face more aggression on later streets because it unblocks UTG's top pair. Invulnerable nutted hands like quads slow-play more often when short-stacked, as it's easier to get the money in later.\
Added new class: new class - delayed c-betting strategy techniques\
Explanation: This class contains content focused on understanding and applying delayed continuation betting (c-betting) strategies in poker. It explores how players can effectively use delayed c-bets when out of position in 3-bet pots, considering factors such as board texture, hand strength, and opponent tendencies. The content aims to help players optimize their delayed c-betting strategy by understanding when to incorporate different bet sizes and the implications of polarizing their range.\
The content discusses the delayed c-betting strategy for the player in the small blind (SB) position when out of position (OOP) in 3-bet pots (3BPs). It highlights the importance of constructing a polarized betting strategy, particularly on boards where SB's range consists of overpairs and high card air. The preferred approach for SB on such boards is to either overbet or check, leveraging the strength of trapped overpairs. The key consideration is the board texture and SB's range, which may miss completely with unpaired 3-bets, thus necessitating a strategic polarizing approach.\
Contents of page 246:\
Entry 1:[NL500 6-Max Cash, 100bb] BTN opens 2.5, BB 3-bets 13, BTN calls. Flop is A
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  K
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  Q
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 . What c-bet size does BB prefer to use with their two pair hands like AK and AQ?\
\
A: 33%\
B: 50%\
C: 75%\
D: 125%\
Entry 2:[HU SnG, 15bb] SB (IP) limps and BB isolates to 6bb with 72o 69% of the time. Why does the BB want to raise such a weak hand?\
Entry 3:BB expects to face a shove or fold, so they use bluffs that can snap fold against a raise.\
72o is your lowest EV hand so it becomes the primary bluff.\
The content discusses the impact of a turn card on the Small Blind's barreling frequency in a 3-bet pot. Specifically, when the turn card is 5
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0 , it removes combos of 55 from the SB's range without improving SB's drawing hands, thereby decreasing the equity of SB's range. As a result, SB's barreling frequency is reduced due to the lowered equity.\
Added new class: new class - monotone board strategy\
Explanation: This class contains content focused on strategies and considerations for playing poker hands on monotone boards. It explores the unique dynamics of monotone flops, including the impact on betting strategies and opponent hand ranges, particularly when the board heavily blocks natural flushes or contains significant nut advantages.\
Monotone boards often prefer smaller c-bets, but when an AKQ board blocks most natural flushes, it creates a massive nut advantage against opponents with many draws. In such scenarios, the strategic approach may differ due to the altered equity and range dynamics.\
In a BTN vs SB 4-bet pot on a flop of T
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  9
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  8
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0 , the SB can donk shove with half their range but opts to check instead. The SB constructs their checking range with a polarized distribution, retaining strong hands and draws. On draw-heavy boards in low SPR spots, medium-strength hands are encouraged to fast-play to realize their equity. The SB shoves most of their 'Good Hands' (50-75% equity) and checks with a polar range. The SB has a nut advantage, with over 2/3 of their range containing a straight draw. The BTN must call 68% of their range facing the overbet due to abundant draws.\
The content discusses how the HJ (Hijack) position can leverage nut advantages on the turn to fold out hands with significant equity. Specifically, on a 4
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  turn, the HJ's overpairs gain strength, allowing them to push opponents off overcard hands. The 4
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  creates high fold equity, although it may not be the highest equity turn for the HJ, it incentivizes generating fold equity.\
The content discusses turn barreling strategies in heads-up 3-bet pots, particularly when a flush-completing card hits the board. It highlights how the introduction of flushes reduces the equity of previously strong hands, such as top pair. The appropriate bet size on the turn is about 33%, which allows for value seeking while maintaining reasonable equity if called. Players should consider these dynamics when deciding whether to continue betting or check back on the turn.\
Added new class: new class - raising and calling strategy techniques\
Explanation: This class contains content focused on understanding and applying strategies for raising and calling in poker, particularly in response to double-barrel bets. It explores the strategic considerations of when to raise or call based on hand strength, potential outs, and the implications of facing further aggression. This analysis helps players optimize their decisions by understanding the conditions under which raising can clean up outs or calling can preserve showdown value.\
The content discusses strategic decisions in response to double-barrel bets. It emphasizes the benefits of raising with hands like 4
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0 3
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  to fold out dominating flush draws and clean up outs. It also highlights the importance of calling with hands like J
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 T
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 , K
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0 9
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0 , and A
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 T
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  to avoid losing EV against turn 3-bets and to retain significant showdown value on brick rivers.\
Added new class: new class - straddle strategy techniques\
Explanation: This class contains content focused on understanding and applying strategies related to playing out of the straddle position in poker. It explores tactical considerations for check-raising and defending against c-bets in situations with a straddle and ante, particularly in 6-Max cash games with 100bb stacks. The content aims to help players optimize their straddle play by understanding which hand combinations are suitable for aggression and how to effectively counter opponent strategies in these unique scenarios.\
The entries discuss strategies for playing from the straddle position in a 6-Max Straddle+Ante cash game with 100bb stacks. Key points include considering check-raising with specific 94s combinations against a UTG c-bet on a 9
\f2 \uc0\u9824 \u65039 
\f0 , 6
\f2 \uc0\u9829 \u65039 
\f0 , 5
\f2 \uc0\u9829 \u65039 
\f0  board, specifically 9
\f2 \uc0\u9830 \u65039 
\f0 4
\f2 \uc0\u9830 \u65039 
\f0  and 9
\f2 \uc0\u9827 \u65039 
\f0 4
\f2 \uc0\u9827 \u65039 
\f0 . It emphasizes the importance of evaluating the expected value (EV) of these hands in the context of a 10.1bb pot, suggesting that strategic aggression can be beneficial when facing certain board textures and opponent actions.\
Added new class: new class - river barreling strategy techniques\
Explanation: This class contains content focused on understanding and applying strategies for barreling on the river in poker. It explores how to choose which hands to continue betting with on the river, considering factors such as the opponent's range, board texture, and how previous streets have been played. The content aims to help players optimize their river strategy by identifying hands that can effectively barrel for value or as bluffs, and how to adjust their play based on the river card and opponent tendencies.\
The content discusses strategic considerations for river barreling in a single-raised pot between BTN and BB on a board of J
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  6
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  5
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  3
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 . It highlights how the SB's check-raising range on the flop, which includes sets, two pairs, and draws, often doesn't improve on the river, whereas BTN's range, consisting largely of overpairs and board pairs with a high frequency of flushes, improves significantly. The analysis emphasizes the importance of understanding how the board and range dynamics affect river barreling decisions.\
Added new class: new class - triple-barrel bluffing strategy\
Explanation: This class contains content focused on understanding and applying triple-barrel bluffing strategies in poker. It explores how players can effectively execute triple-barrel bluffs across multiple streets, with considerations for hand selection, board texture, and opponent tendencies. The content aims to help players optimize their bluffing strategies by recognizing situations where aggressive multi-street betting can generate maximum fold equity and exploit specific blockers to reduce the likelihood of opponent calls.\
The content discusses a scenario in a NL500 6-Max Cash game where the BTN double-barrels for 125% on the flop and 75% on the turn. The board runs out A
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  K
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  5
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  9
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0  7
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0 . It emphasizes the strategic use of J
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  9
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  as a triple-barrel bluff on the river, leveraging its blocker effect to increase expected value (EV) despite its showdown value. The strategy relies on understanding that 58% of BB's river calls are two pair hands, which are often blocked by a 9, making J9 an optimal bluffing hand.\
Entry 1: BARRELING TURNS IN SHORT STACK 4BPS\
\
[8-Max MTT, 60bb] UTG1 vs BTN 4-bet pot. UTG1 c-bets flop for 25% and is called. With which hand(s) should UTG1 shove turn on J
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  8
\f2 \uc0\u10084 \u65039 
\f0  4
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  3
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0 ?\
A: A
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0  4
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0 \
B: A
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  8
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0 \
C: A
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  A
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0 \
D: J
\f2 \uc0\u10084 \u65039 
\f0  J
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0 \
The content discusses the strategy of donking from the Small Blind (SB) after a limp-call in Spin & Go games with 22bb. It identifies specific flops where the SB may employ a donking range, such as paired and low card boards, and highlights how the SB's range is polarized with many Kx and 8x hands ('Best Hands'), while the Big Blind's (BB) range has many underpairs and A-highs. SB seeks value against BB's weaker holdings.\
Entry 1: [8-Max MTT, 100bb] SB vs CO 3-bet pot. SB c-bets 75% and barrels 50% on a board of 7 of spades, 4 of hearts, 2 of diamonds, 9 of clubs. Which hand(s) should fold to the turn bet? \
A: A of spades, K of hearts \
B: J of diamonds, T of clubs \
C: 5 of hearts, 4 of clubs \
D: 5 of spades, 5 of clubs\
\
Entry 2: DEFENDING VS DOUBLE-BARRELS IN 3BPS\
Correct answer\
D: 5
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0  4
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0 \
The content discusses bluff-catching against deep stack triple-barrels in a single-raised pot scenario. It highlights the importance of recognizing polarized ranges and the strategic value of good blockers. Specifically, it notes that A
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0 4
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  is a strong bluff-catcher because it unblocks all bluffs, blocks many two-pair hands, and sets with the 4. It also mentions that J9, J8, and QT block bluff combos, which is crucial for effective bluff-catching.\
Added new class: new class - 4-straight board defense techniques\
Explanation: This class contains content focused on strategies and considerations when defending against bets on 4-straight boards in poker. It explores the strategic implications of facing turn probes on such boards, particularly how to adjust ranges and decision-making based on the threat of straights and the strength of potential drawing hands. The content aims to help players optimize their defense by understanding the nuances of playing against opponents who exploit 4-straight board dynamics.\
The page discusses strategic considerations in a 3-bet pot situation where UTG probes the turn on a 4-straight board. Key points include identifying which hands HJ can fold when faced with a turn probe, understanding UTG's betting range and the pressure it applies, and recognizing the implied odds of HJ's hands that can outdraw Ax. The content emphasizes the importance of evaluating hand strength relative to the board and opponent's range when deciding to call or fold.\
Entry 1 presents a scenario in a NL500 6-Max Cash game where BB faces a decision on the river after a 3-bet pot against BTN. The question asks for BB's calling frequency when facing a shove on a board of K
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  K
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  Q
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  J
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  3
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0 . The correct answer is provided as B: 24.5%. The explanation involves understanding Minimum Defense Frequency (MDF) and the equity of bluffs, noting that MDF applies only to the range of hands that can beat a bluff.\
Added new class: new class - ICM decision-making analysis\
Explanation: This class contains content focused on understanding and applying Independent Chip Model (ICM) decision-making in poker tournaments. It explores how stack sizes, position, and payout structures influence the optimal decisions for calling, folding, or shoving. The content aims to help players optimize their tournament strategy by considering the non-linear value of chips and the risk-reward dynamics in different ICM scenarios.\
The content discusses ICM scenarios in a 3-Max MTT with uneven stacks, highlighting that the risk of busting for the BB outweighs the gain from doubling up despite favorable pot odds. It emphasizes the need for higher equity than pot odds suggest due to the non-linear chip value and notes that the SB exploits the BB's tightness by shoving 100% of hands.\
Contents of page 263:\
Entry 1:[NL500 6-Max Cash, 100bb] SB vs BTN 3-bet pot. SB shoves 352% on a flop of J
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  T
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  8
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 . Which hand(s) can BTN call?\
\
A: A
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  Q
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0 \
B: K
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  Q
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0 \
C: K
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  J
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 \
D: T
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  9
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0 \
Entry 2:DEFENDING VS HUGE OVERBETS\
Correct answer\
A: A
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  Q
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0 \
D: T
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  9
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0 \
Entry 3:When facing an all-in, raw equity is all that matters. Vs the SB's shoving range, A
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0 Q
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  and T
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0 9
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  have more equity.\
\
SB shoves a range of vulnerable made hands (mainly overpairs and top pair) and AQ.\
Entry 4:Finding themselves frequently dominated by this range, K
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0 J
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  and K
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0 Q
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  do not have the equity to call off.\
Added new class: new class - double-barrel defense on monotone flops\
Explanation: This class contains content focused on strategies and considerations for defending against double-barrel bets on monotone flops in poker. It explores how specific card holdings, such as weak flushes, influence the decision-making process, particularly in terms of implied and reverse implied odds when facing multiple streets of aggression. The content aims to help players optimize their defensive strategies by understanding when to fold or continue based on the strength of their holdings and potential board developments.\
Weak flushes have poor implied odds on 4-flush rivers with BTN never value betting worse than a T-high flush. This, combined with reverse implied odds versus better flushes, makes them good candidates to fold turn OOP. Learning thresholds is important as they help associate hand classes with their highest EV lines in any given spot.\
Entry 1:CALLING OFF SHORT STACK SHOVES\
\
[8-Max MTT, 7bb] Facing a UTG shove, what is the weakest pocket pair UTG1 can call?\
A: 22\
B: 55\
C: 77\
D: TT\
Entry 3:CALLING OFF SHORT STACK SHOVES\
Facing the 7bb jam, UTG1 calls 7bb to win a pot of 16.5bb: pot odds of 42.4%.\
UTG1 needs more equity to account for the possibility of another player waking up with a strong hand behind.\
Entry 4:Defense: CALLING OFF SHORT STACK SHOVES\
55 has 48.4% equity which is sufficient to make this a slightly +EV call (+0.13bb)\
Contents of page 266:\
Entry 1:[NL500 6-Max Cash, 100bb] BTN vs BB single-raised pot. BTN c-bets 33% and the turn checks through. What is the weakest hand BTN calls vs a 27% river probe on A
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  8
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  2
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  6
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  J
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0 ? A: 4
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  3
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  B: A
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  8
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  C: J
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0  7
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0  D: 7
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  6
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0 \
Contents of page 267: Entry 1:[HU SnG, 25bb] SB (IP) vs BB single raised pot. BB check-calls a 25% c-bet and the turn checks through. The board is A
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  9
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  2
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  J
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  6
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0 . Which two pair combo(s) check(s) river? A: A
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  6
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  B: J
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  9
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  C: 9
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  6
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  D: J
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  2
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0 \
Added new class: new class - 3-bet pot defense techniques\
Explanation: This class contains content focused on understanding and applying defensive strategies in 3-bet pots (3BPs) in poker. It explores how players can adjust their defensive strategies based on board texture and pot odds, particularly when facing continuation bets from the 3-bettor. The content aims to help players optimize their defensive play by recognizing when to fold or continue with certain hands, considering factors like equity and equity realization.\
The content discusses defensive strategies for the Under the Gun (UTG) player in a 3-bet pot against a Button (BTN) continuation bet. On boards that favor the 3-bettor, UTG may need to overfold a significant portion of their range despite good pot odds. Specifically, the UTG should fold pocket Jacks (JJ) on the flop even with 45% equity due to poor equity realization.\
Entry 1: [NL500 6-Max Cash, 200bb] HJ vs BB single-raised pot. BB check-calls a 130% c-bet, the turn checks though and BB check-shoves vs a 61% river bet on a board of Q
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  J
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  4
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  7
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  2
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0 . Why does HJ defend 19% of their range when MDF is only 14%? A: They don't. The frequencies displayed by the solver don't reflect reality B: HJ's range contains 19% nut flushes which always call C: BB is over-bluffing D: HJ over-calls to prevent BB from having a +EV shove with bluffs with good blockers\
[Defense] DEFENDING VS C-BETS WITH SHORT STACKS\
[8-Max MTT, 25bb] BTN vs BB single-raised pot. Which hand(s) can BB fold vs an 83% c-bet on J
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  7
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  3
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0 ?\
A: 6
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  5
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0 \
B: K
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0  Q
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0 \
C: 7
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  4
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0 \
D: K
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  3
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0 \
\
Correct answer\
A: 6 of hearts 5 of diamonds\
\
At short stack depths, implied odds are minimal with so little money behind. The power of gutshots come from their ability to make nutted hands and cooler other very strong hands for heaps of chips. This is not possible at low SPRs. K
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0 Q
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0  is already ahead of bluffs (unlike 65o), and can easily stack off if it hits a pair.\
Contents of page 271: Entry 1:[Spin & Go, 25bb] BTN vs BB single-raised pot. BB check-calls a min flop c-bet and the turn checks through. The board is Q
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  8
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  2
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  6
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  4
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0 . Facing a block bet on the river, which hand class makes up the biggest part of BTN's calling range? Entry 2:Defense: Facing Block Bets on the River. Correct answer D: Ace high. Entry 3:Getting great pot odds vs this min-bet, BTN defends 82% of their range. Entry 4:BTN barrels the vast majority of their top pair on the turn and arrives with very little on the river. Top pair raises for value vs this size. Despite calling all board pairs, BTN's range contains much more Ace high than these hands.\
Contents of page 272:\
Entry 1:[NL50 6-Max Cash, 100bb] HJ vs BTN single-raised pot. HJ check-calls a 33% flop bet and a 175% turn bet. Facing a river shove on 9
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  7
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  4
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  A
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  2
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0 , which of these hands call(s)?\
A: A
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  K
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 \
B: Q
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  Q
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 \
C: A
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0  4
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0 \
D: K
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  9
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0 \
Entry 2:CALLING DOWN AS THE OOP PFR IN SRPS\
Correct answer\
D: K
\f2 \uc0\u9830 \u65039 
\f0 9
\f2 \uc0\u9830 \u65039 
\f0 \
Entry 3:BTN is polarized to sets and bluffs.\
\
K
\f1 \uc0\u9826 
\f0 9
\f1 \uc0\u9826 
\f0  is an excellent call vs this range blocking BTN's highest frequency set (99).\
Entry 4:A
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 K
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 , Q
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0 Q
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  and A
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0 4
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0  all lack sufficient blocker properties to be able to call down vs such a strong line.\
Entry 1: [Spin & Go, 25bb] BTN vs BB single-raised pot. The flop checks through and BTN calls a 50% probe on the turn. What is BTN's calling frequency vs a river shove on 6
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  5
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  3
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0  4
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  2
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0 ? A: 0% B: 28% C: 46.9% D: 100%\
The content analyzes the strategic implications of rake structures in chop scenarios. At 50NL with a 5% rake and 4bb cap, shoving can force an opponent like the BB off a chop, preserving the pot for the SB. However, different strategies apply in other rake structures. For instance, at NL500 with a 5% rake and 0.6bb cap, both players check 100% to avoid increasing the rake, as betting would decrease their EVs. In unraked or time-raked games, checking and shoving yield the same EV.\
Entry 1:[NL500 6-Max Cash, 200bb] UTG vs BTN single-raised pot. UTG checks a flop of Q
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  T
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  T
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 . Which combo of 22 does the BTN bet most frequently?\
A: 2
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  2
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 \
B: 2
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  2
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0 \
C: 2
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  2
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0 \
D: 2
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  2
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0 \
Entry 2:Page Title: BLUFFING LOW PAIRS\
Correct answer C: 2 of hearts, 2 of diamonds\
Entry 3:It's normally desirable to hold flush draw blockers when bluffing, but consider your outs. On a paired board, 22 prefers betting without a flush blocker because you can make a boat on the 2 of spades and cooler flushes. On unpaired boards, flushes improve to beat 22 on a 2 of spades making it a more valuable card to hold.\
Entry 1: The board runout affects both players' ranges. The 7 doesn't significantly help the Big Blind (BB) as most 7x hands are folded on the flop. The T
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  completes gutshots like KJ for both players. The A
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  completes a flush draw and potentially gives the Button (BTN) full houses with AQ/A9/A7, reducing the nut advantage needed for a donk bet.\
Contents of page 277:\
Entry 1:[NL500 6-Max Cash, 100bb] CO vs BB single-raised pot. Facing a 33% c-bet on 6
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  6
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  3
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0 , which rank of trips raises least often? A: A6 B: Q6 C: 96 D: 65\
Entry 2:CHECK-RAISING ON PAIRED BOARDS\
Correct answer\
A: A6\
Entry 3:A6 often delays its check-raise until the turn or river because it blocks the majority of CO's calls on the flop.\
The content discusses the effectiveness of donking when holding a nut advantage, particularly against early position openers. It highlights a scenario where a board like A
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 K
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 T
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  blocks many of the opponent's potential flushes, justifying a donking strategy, in contrast to other board textures where this effect is absent.\
Contents of page 279: Entry 1: [NL500 6-Max Cash, 100bb] CO vs BTN 4-bet pot. CO c-bets 25% and faces a shove on T
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0 9
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0 2
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 . Which hand(s) call? A: A
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0 K
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  B: A
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 K
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  C: Q
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 J
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  D: 8
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0 8
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0  Entry 2: Cash - Defending vs Flop Shoves at Low SPRs Correct answer B: A
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  K
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  Entry 3: A
\f2 \uc0\u9829 \u65039 
\f0 K
\f2 \uc0\u9824 \u65039 
\f0  unblocks and dominates CO's nut flush draw shoves. A
\f2 \uc0\u9824 \u65039 
\f0 K
\f2 \uc0\u9829 \u65039 
\f0  blocks these hands and makes it a worse call. Q
\f2 \uc0\u9829 \u65039 
\f0 J
\f2 \uc0\u9829 \u65039 
\f0  and 8
\f2 \uc0\u9830 \u65039 
\f0 8
\f2 \uc0\u9827 \u65039 
\f0  are dominated by QQ and JJ (CO's primary made hand shoves). Entry 4: Cash: DEFENDING VS FLOP SHOVES AT LOW SPRS CO strategy vs shove\
Added new class: new class - check-raising strategy techniques\
Explanation: This class contains content focused on understanding and applying check-raising strategies in poker, particularly in 3-bet pots (3BPs). It explores how players can construct and utilize robust check-raise ranges to maximize value with strong hands out of position (OOP). The content emphasizes the strategic importance of check-raising in maintaining a balanced and effective defense against opponents, especially on unfavorable boards.\
Page 280 discusses check-raising strategies in 3-bet pots, emphasizing the need for a robust check-raise range to maximize value with strong hands out of position. It highlights that failing to implement this strategy can lead to exploitation by opponents, who may play more passively on future streets.\
Added new class: new class - c-betting strategy in 3-bet pots\
Explanation: This class contains content focused on understanding and applying strategies for continuation betting (c-betting) in 3-bet pots (3BPs) in poker. It explores how different hand strengths and board textures influence the optimal c-betting strategy, particularly in terms of bet sizing and range construction. The content aims to help players optimize their c-betting approach by recognizing when to split their betting range and how to adjust their strategy based on hand equity and vulnerability.\
The content analyzes c-betting strategies in 3-bet pots, focusing on the SB vs. BTN scenario on Q
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  9
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  4
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  board. It discusses how the SB splits their c-betting range between 33% and 66% sizing, with strong hands like two pairs and sets typically betting larger, while weak top pairs form the core of the smaller 33% betting range. The analysis emphasizes the importance of adjusting bet sizes based on hand strength and vulnerability, with overpairs and AQ being more vulnerable and incentivized to bet larger to protect their equity.\
Entry 1:['DEFENDING VS POLARIZED TURN BARRELS', '[NL500 6-Max Cash, 100bb] BTN vs BB single-raised pot. BTN c-bets and barrels flop and turn for 125% on A
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  Q
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  9
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  4
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 . With which hand(s) can BB call turn?', 'A: A
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  6
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0 ', 'B: A
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  6
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 ', 'C: A
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  6
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 ', 'D: A
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  6
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0 ']\
Entry 2:Defending vs Polarized Turn Barrels\
Correct answer\
A: A
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  6
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0 \
B: A
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  6
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 \
Entry 3:A
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0 6
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  and A
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0 6
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  have better outs to two pair; fewer of their outs complete a flush. A
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0 6
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0  and A
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0 6
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  have poor reverse implied odds. They frequently improve to the second best hand on a 6
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  or 6
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  river.\
Entry 1: [HU Cash, 100bb] SB (IP) opens, BB 3-bets and SB calls. Why does BB barrel 3-flush turns more often after c-betting 20% on the flop than after c-betting 100% on Q
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  J
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  7
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0 ? A: BB c-bets flush draws for 20% more often than 100% B: SB has a higher density of flushes after calling 100% C: BB's 100% c-bet range is centered around overpairs which don\'92t improve D: We generally give up more often after c-betting bigger. Correct answer: B: SB has a higher density of flushes after calling 100%\
The content discusses the strategic adjustments needed for playing a straddle position in a 6-Max straddle with an ante and 100bb stacks. It highlights the importance of understanding how the STR's range becomes condensed after calling a large c-bet on the flop, making it crucial to identify which hands are optimal for bluffing on the river. The example illustrates that bottom pair, with almost no EV when checking, is used for bluffing purposes. Additionally, it underscores how different c-bet sizes can influence the strategy on subsequent streets, like the river.\
Contents of page 285: Entry 1:[HU Cash, 100bb] SB (IP) opens and BB calls. BB check-raises 50% vs a 67% flop c-bet, barrels 100% on turn and arrives at the river on 9
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  6
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  5
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  2
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0  2
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0 . Which hand(s) give up? A: 8
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  4
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  B: 8
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  4
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  C: J
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  8
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  D: Q
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  8
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  Entry 2:Cash: CHECK-RAISE GIVING UP Correct answer A: 8 of Spades 4 of Spades B: 8 of Diamonds 4 of Diamonds Entry 3:8
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0 4
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  and 8
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0 4
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  have no showdown value but are unable to profitably bluff. Entry 4:SB defends near MDF in this node and the 4 blocks folds like 74s. J
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 8
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  and Q
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0 8
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  block QQ and JJ which make them excellent bluffing candidates! Entry 5:Cash: CHECK-RAISE GIVING UP\
Added new class: new class - rake structure analysis\
Explanation: This class contains content focused on understanding and analyzing the impact of different rake structures on poker strategy. It explores how varying rake conditions influence preflop and postflop decision-making, particularly in relation to bet sizing, fold equity, and overall profitability. The content aims to help players adapt their strategies to optimize their play in environments with different rake structures.\
The entry explores how GG's higher rake structure affects preflop strategy compared to other platforms. Specifically, it discusses why UTG does not employ a 4-bet shoving range due to GG's preflop rake, which decreases the incentive to build the pot or take it down preflop. The content emphasizes how GG's higher rake makes BTN's 3-bet more polar and UTG's shove less efficient, contrasting this with high rake structures that lack preflop rake, where 4-bet shoves can generate significant fold equity.\
Added new class: new class - 4-bet strategy techniques\
Explanation: This class contains content focused on understanding and applying 4-betting strategies in poker. It explores how players can construct and utilize 4-bet ranges, particularly in heads-up cash games with 100 big blinds (bb) stacks. The content emphasizes the strategic importance of using polarized 4-bet ranges, incorporating bluffs with good blockers, and considering positional advantages and disadvantages to optimize the playability of hands post-flop.\
The content discusses 4-betting strategies in heads-up cash games with 100bb stacks. It highlights the use of polarized 4-bet ranges, prioritizing bluffs with good blockers like J4s. In-position players (IP) often use 4-bet bluffs with hands that have good blockers, while out-of-position (OOP) players tend to shove against 4-bets to mitigate their positional disadvantage. OOP 4-bettors focus on hands with strong postflop playability, anticipating that IP will often call the 4-bet.\
Entry 1: Spins MIN-OPEN OR SHOVE? [Spin & Go, 13bb] Which of the following hands does BTN open shove? A: 33 B: ATs C: KQo D: JJ\
Entry 2: At 13bb, BTN plays both an open shove and a min raise. When all-in, equity realization does not exist. BTN therefore shoves their hands with good raw equity but poor postflop equity realization: 33 and KQo. Hands with good postflop playability that retain their equity on a variety of different boards and runouts instead elect to slowplay and min raise: ATs and JJ.\
The content discusses the strategic implementation of donking from the Small Blind (SB) in Spin & Go tournaments with 25 big blind stacks. It highlights that the SB's preflop range, which includes broadway and suited Ax hands, connects well with broadway boards. Donking is recommended on flops like A
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  K
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  T
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  and Q
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  T
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  9
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0 , where the SB's strong hands can deny the Button (BTN) the opportunity to check back and realize equity. Failing to donk allows the BTN to exploit the SB by checking back 100% of their range, costing the SB substantial value with their strong hands.\
[Spin & Go, 14bb] BTN vs BB single-raised pot. BTN c-bets min on a flop of Q
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  6
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  4
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0 . Which combo(s) of Q3s raise(s) most often? A: Q
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  3
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  B: Q
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  3
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  C: Q
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0  3
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0  Correct answer B: Q
\f2 \uc0\u9830 \u65039 
\f0 3
\f2 \uc0\u9830 \u65039 
\f0  C: Q
\f2 \uc0\u9827 \u65039 
\f0 3
\f2 \uc0\u9827 \u65039 
\f0 \
Contents of page 291:\
Entry 1:[Spin & Go, 15bb] BTN vs BB single-raised pot. BB check-calls 50% flop and turn c-bets and faces a river shove. What is BB's river calling range mainly comprised of?\
\
A: 35% two pair, 45% third pair\
B: 25% two pair, 45% second pair\
C: 40% second pair, 40% third pair\
D: 40% top pair, 40% second pair\
Entry 1: [Spin & Go, 10bb] BTN vs BB single-raised pot. BB check-raises 25% vs a min c-bet and BTN calls on T
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  5
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  4
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  2
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0 . What should the BB do on the turn with T
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  7
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0 ? A: Check B: Bet 20% C: Shove 56%\
The content discusses scenarios in Spin & Go poker formats where the big blind (BB) chooses to donk on certain flop textures. It highlights that on flops such as 4
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  3
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  3
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0 , A
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  3
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  2
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 , and A
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  Q
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  T
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 , the BB can benefit more from check-raising due to the button's (BTN) strategy of range betting. However, on a K
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  4
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  4
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  flop, where the BTN only continuation bets half the time, the BB can donk their strong hands to prevent the BTN from checking back, thereby maximizing value from strong holdings.\
Added new class: new class - short stack limping strategy\
Explanation: This class contains content focused on understanding and applying limping strategies when playing with short stacks, particularly in Heads-Up Sit & Go (HU SnG) formats and Spin & Go games. It explores how players can exploit opponents by mixing limping and shoving strategies from the small blind (SB) position, taking advantage of passive isolation (ISO) strategies.\
The content discusses the strategic use of a mixed limping and shoving approach when playing from the small blind (SB) with short stacks in HU SnG and Spin & Go formats. By limping more weak hands and occasionally integrating strong hands into other lines, the SB can exploit opponents who employ a passive ISO strategy.\
The content discusses ICM decision-making in 8-Max and 5-Handed MTT scenarios. It includes considerations for stack depth when opening low pocket pairs like 44 and strategies for defending the Big Blind (BB) against a Hijack (HJ) min raise. Key insights include the impact of stack distribution on BB's defending range, the importance of mid-stacks avoiding busting before short-stacks, and the necessity for BB to defend tighter when covered by HJ. These strategies reflect the influence of ICM on decision-making in tournament play.\
Added new class: new class - c-betting strategy in MTTs\
Explanation: This class contains content focused on understanding and applying continuation betting (c-betting) strategies specifically in multi-table tournaments (MTTs). It explores how different board textures and player positions influence the optimal c-betting strategy, particularly in terms of frequency and range composition. The content aims to help players optimize their c-betting approach by recognizing favorable board conditions and adjusting their strategy based on stack sizes and opponent dynamics.\
The content discusses the construction of c-bet strategies for the button (BTN) in multi-table tournaments (MTTs), particularly in 3-bet pots against the cutoff (CO). It highlights that the BTN's c-bet frequency increases as the board rank decreases, suggesting a strategy adjustment based on board texture.\
The content discusses c-betting strategies in MTTs, specifically when facing an in-position cold caller. It highlights that out-of-position players often check frequently due to the cold caller's strong, condensed range. The discussion includes how BTN flats mid and low pocket pairs, gaining nut advantage on low flops, prompting UTG to c-bet more at low SPRs. However, at deeper stack depths, the set advantage of the BTN becomes problematic, leading UTG to range-check.\
Entry 1:[8-Max MTT, 10bb] SB vs BB limped pot. SB c-bets min and BB raises 33% on A
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  A
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  2
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0 . Which hand class does SB 3-bet most aggressively vs the raise?\
A: Trips\
B: Underpairs\
C: Second pair\
D: King high\
Correct answer: C: Second pair\
Explanation: SB's vulnerable-strong hands 3-bet to better realize their equity. Hands as weak as King of diamonds Ten of diamonds 3-bet and stack off with 40% equity when called. Ranges are very wide and BB must stack off with hands as weak as Queen of spades Five of spades or King of diamonds Four of diamonds. SB's invulnerable hands like trips and strong underpairs make more money as calls. They can easily get the money in later at this SPR, even on 3-flush runouts.\
Contents of page 299:\
Entry 1:[8-Max MTT, 10bb] SB vs BB limped pot. Action checks down to the river on 7
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  4
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  4
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  2
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  7
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 . What is the weakest hand class SB can block for value? A: Overpairs B: Ace high C: King high D: Queen high\
Entry 2:Finding Thin Value in Checked Down Pots\
Correct answer D: Queen high\
Entry 3:Hand strength is heavily affected by previous actions. BB bets most of their A-high and better before this point.\
\
Queen high has 65-70% equity in this line and is strong enough to seek value.\
Entry 4:River ranges - Note that BB needs to call with Jack high!\
The content focuses on bluff-catching strategies in an 8-Max MTT scenario where the BB is facing a short stack triple-barrel from the BTN. It highlights the importance of recognizing blocking effects, such as the 9 of spades blocking potential bluffs (e.g., 9
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  7
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0 ), and the strategic decision to call down with hands like Q6 or better. The BB's strategy involves fast-playing top pairs on earlier streets and adjusting call strategies based on card holdings that do not contain a spade.\
Contents of page 301:\
Entry 1:[HU MTT, 16bb] SB (IP) open shoves. Which hand(s) does BB call?\
\
A: A2o\
B: KQo\
C: T8s\
D: 76s\
Entry 2:MTT\
CALLING VS SHORT STACK SHOVES\
Correct answer\
C: T8s\
D: 76s\
Entry 3:SB shoves their strong hands with poor equity realization postflop. This mainly includes low pocket pairs and weak offsuit Ax.\
Entry 4:Suited-connected hands like T8s and 76s have more equity vs this range than offsuit broadways.\
The entries discuss the strategic adjustments in 8-Max MTTs when comparing chip EV and ICM simulations. Key points include: \
1. UTG continues tighter with ICM and mainly as a raise due to stack preservation. \
2. UTG1 is incentivized to play tight to outlast short stacks, resulting in a strong 3-bet range.\
3. UTG has increased fold equity when 4-betting because UTG1 calls off very tight, leading to UTG1 mostly folding AKo to a 4-bet shove. This incentivizes aggressive 4-betting by UTG.\
Contents of page 303: Entry 1: [4-Handed MTT, ICM] How does BB construct their 3-betting range vs a SB RFI with stacks of 10-15-60-40 (CO to BB)? A: Condensed, B: Linear, C: Merged, D: Polarized. Entry 2: 3-BETTING BVB AS THE MID STACK. Correct answer: D: Polarized. Entry 3: BB therefore 3-bets a polarized range containing weak bluffs that block 4-bets and very strong hands that can call a shove. Their middling hands perform better as calls.\
The content discusses the importance of three key poker metrics: Expected Value (EV), Equity, and Equity Realization. EV measures how profitable an action is compared to folding. Equity indicates the likelihood of winning at showdown without further actions. Understanding these metrics helps players optimize their play by selecting the most profitable actions and realizing the potential of their hands effectively.\
Page 305 outlines three fundamental mathematical concepts essential for sound poker strategy: Pot Odds, Alpha, and Minimum Defense Frequency (MDF). Pot Odds help determine the percentage of the pot needed to justify a call. Alpha calculates the fold frequency required for a bluff to be profitable. MDF indicates how often you need to defend against bluffs to keep opponents indifferent between bluffing and checking. These concepts are interconnected and crucial for constructing unexploitable poker ranges.\
Added new class: new class - indifference analysis techniques\
Explanation: This class contains content focused on understanding and applying indifference analysis in poker strategy. It explores situations where a player's hand is equally strong across multiple actions, such as calling or folding, against a Game Theory Optimal (GTO) opponent. The content aims to help players recognize and leverage indifference points to make optimal decisions in various poker scenarios.\
The content discusses the concept of indifference in poker, where a hand has the same expected value (EV) with multiple actions, making it equally strong against a GTO opponent. An example is given where a player is indifferent between calling and folding with a top pair against a specific c-bet and river shove scenario. It highlights the importance of understanding pot odds and constructing ranges to create indifference points for opponents.\
The content discusses equity realization (EQR) in poker hands, focusing on how well a hand performs relative to its equity. It explains how a low equity hand that performs well over-realizes its equity, while a high equity hand that performs poorly under-realizes its equity. Specifically, A
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0 Q
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0  has the most equity but the worst realization because it struggles to extract value on later streets and often folds before showdown. In contrast, hands like 8
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0 7
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  and A
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0 2
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0  have lower equity but higher realization as they can outdraw hands calling multiple streets, thus often overperforming relative to their equity. 2
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0 2
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  is a made hand but underperforms due to the presence of overcards on the board.\
The content focuses on c-betting strategies in 3-bet pots, particularly in the context of a button (BTN) vs. cutoff (CO) 3-bet pot scenario. Key points include:\
- On low paired flops like 3
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  2
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  2
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0 , the BTN c-bets with the largest size due to their overpair advantage, pressuring CO's weak pocket pairs.\
- BTN leverages the advantage of QQ, JJ, and TT, which benefit from folding out overcards and are ahead of CO's overpairs.\
- Emphasizes the importance of considering target hands when deciding bet sizing.\
Added new class: new class - preflop 3-bet strategy\
Explanation: This class contains content focused on understanding and applying preflop 3-bet strategies in poker. It explores how players can construct and utilize 3-bet ranges based on opponent tendencies, positional dynamics, and the strategic implications of different range structures. The content aims to help players optimize their preflop strategy by recognizing when to use polarized versus linear ranges and how to adjust their bet sizing accordingly.\
Entry 1 provides a scenario where a player in the Big Blind (BB) needs to construct a 3-bet strategy against a Button (BTN) open. The BTN is described as a passive player who rarely 4-bets, indicating they mostly continue by calling or folding. The options suggest considering both polarized and linear ranges with varying bet sizes. Entry 2 explains that medium strength hands lose expected value (EV) against a 4-bet, either by folding and losing equity or calling and realizing equity poorly out-of-position (OOP). It suggests that OOP players can over-realize their equity by 3-betting if the BTN does not 4-bet, allowing them to build the pot with stronger hands. Entry 3 discusses the effectiveness of linear versus polarized ranges, stating that linear ranges perform better against opponents who continue mostly by calling or folding, while polarized ranges are more effective against opponents who continue by raising or folding.\
The content discusses the strategic importance of limping in short stack heads-up cash games, particularly in a 20bb scenario. It explains that removing the option to limp forces players to tighten their range significantly, decreasing their VPIP from 91% to 73%. Limping allows players to play a wider range of hands and improve the expected value (EV) of their range's bottom. It becomes crucial in short stack scenarios as it gives opponents a poor price on shoves and minimizes losses when folding to raises. The strategy aims to utilize limping to maintain a broader range and better manage stack dynamics.\
Contents of page 311: Entry 1: [8-max MTT, 20bb] BTN opens, SB calls, action on BB. Which of BB's hands gain EV when SB calls, compared to if SB had folded? A: KQo B: 5
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0 5
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  C: 9
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0 8
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0  D: T
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0 5
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  Entry 2: Correct answer B: 55 KQo, 98s, and T5s all lose value going multiway in this spot. Entry 3: Pocket pairs and Ace-x hands can shove, forcing SB off their equity and picking up additional dead money. Entry 4: Low pairs and low suited connectors tend to perform better multiway as they have higher implied odds and are less dominated. Contrary to popular belief, most hands lose value going multiway despite the extra dead money in the pot. Although it depends on the ranges in play.\
Contents of page 312:\
Entry 1:[6-Max Cash, 500NL, 100bb] BTN vs BB single-raised pot. BB check-calls a 33% flop c-bet and faces a 125% turn barrel on A
\f2 \uc0\u9824 \u65039 
\f0  8
\f2 \uc0\u9824 \u65039 
\f0  5
\f2 \uc0\u9829 \u65039 
\f0  2
\f2 \uc0\u9830 \u65039 
\f0 . Which hand is the highest EV call? A: A
\f2 \uc0\u9827 \u65039 
\f0  7
\f2 \uc0\u9829 \u65039 
\f0  B: T
\f2 \uc0\u9824 \u65039 
\f0  8
\f2 \uc0\u9829 \u65039 
\f0  C: K
\f2 \uc0\u9827 \u65039 
\f0  5
\f2 \uc0\u9827 \u65039 
\f0  D: 5
\f2 \uc0\u9830 \u65039 
\f0  3
\f2 \uc0\u9830 \u65039 
\f0 \
Entry 2:DEFENDING AGAINST POLAR TURN BARRELS\
Correct answer\
D: 5
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  3
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0 \
BB strategy and EV by hand\
Entry 3:All 4 of these hands are bluff-catchers against the turn barrel.\
5
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  3
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  has the most EV vs the value portion of villain's polarized range. It is able to outdraw AK and AQ on a 5, 4 or 3.\
Entry 4:Remember, when your opponent is polarized, anything between their value and bluffs are potential bluff-catchers.\
All your bluff-catchers have close to the same equity. The most valuable bluff-catchers have clear paths to outdraw value and good blockers.\
The content discusses adjustments in opening ranges and hand selection based on rake conditions. It emphasizes that when rake is high, more EV comes from stealing the blinds, making offsuit high card hands more valuable preflop due to their ability to win without seeing a flop. Conversely, the value of hands that rely on postflop playability, such as suited connectors and low pocket pairs, decreases in high rake environments.\
Entry 1:WHY DOES DONKING MATTER?\
[6-Max Cash, 50NL, 100bb] UTG vs BB single-raised pot.\
Why does BB donk on 7
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  6
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  5
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0 ?\
A: Their entire range gains EV by donking\
B: Their strong hands gain EV by donking\
C: Their weak hands gain EV by donking\
D: To be unexploitable\
Entry 2:All Stars\
\
WHY DOES DONKING MATTER?\
\
BB flop strategy\
\
Correct answer\
\
D: To be unexploitable\
Entry 3:BB doesn't lose EV range-checking this flop against a GTO opponent. However, UTG should never c-bet if they know that BB doesn't donk. This costs the BB substantial EV by preventing them from building the pot with their strong hands. BB donks to deny UTG the opportunity to pot control.\
Entry 4:BB can exploit a negligent opponent who c-bets more often than GTO by check-raising instead of donking.\
\
BB's strong hands will have higher EV in the check line in this scenario.\
Added new class: new class - depolarized turn probe strategy techniques\
Explanation: This class contains content focused on understanding and applying strategies for using depolarized turn probes in poker. It explores how players can adjust their turn betting strategies based on the impact of specific turn cards on their range and their opponent's range. The content emphasizes the strategic use of bet sizing, such as overbets, to maximize value and efficiency when the turn card negatively impacts the betting player's range.\
The content discusses BB's strategy of using depolarized turn probes, focusing on how turn cards like the Ace of Hearts affect range dynamics. BB typically uses small bets with a depolarized range, but on Ace turns, it prefers an overbet/check strategy. The Ace blocks more flushes in HJ's range while giving HJ more top pair and made hands, so BB's value betting region shifts to mostly flushes. Although the A
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  is bad for BB's range, overbetting is still the most efficient strategy for value.\
Added new class: new class - unblocker and blocker strategy techniques\
Explanation: This class contains content focused on understanding and utilizing the concepts of unblocking and blocking in poker strategy. It explores how specific card holdings can influence an opponent's range by either blocking potential value hands or unblocking bluffs. This analysis helps players make more informed strategic decisions by recognizing when their holdings affect the likelihood of an opponent having certain hands, thus informing their bluff-catching and value-betting strategies.\
Entry 1 and Entry 2 both discuss the strategic use of blockers and unblocking in poker. The content emphasizes the importance of recognizing card holdings that do not block bluffs and how these can serve as effective bluff catchers. Specifically, 33 is highlighted as a pair that does not block any of the SB's bluffs, making it a potentially optimal bluff-catching hand. The entries also explain how the best bluff catchers are those that unblock bluffs and/or block value hands, thereby maximizing their equity potential in river shoving scenarios.\
Entry 1: [Spin & Go, 25bb] SB opens with A
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  A
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0 , BB calls. SB flops top set and c-bets 44% pot on A
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  8
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  5
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0 , BB calls. Turn is the Q
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0 . SB should often check their AA on the turn. Why?\
\
A: AA blocks BB's betting range\
B: SB needs to protect their checking range\
C: AA makes as much money trapping as it does betting\
D: AA blocks BB's calling range\
Entry 2: Correct answer C: AA makes as much money trapping as it does betting. Recall the indifference principle: Mixing between betting and checking only makes sense if those two actions have the same EV!\
Entry 3: Let's examine the other answers. Answers A: and D: talk about what we block. We want the most action possible. Blocking villains bets makes us want to check less often. Blocking their calls makes us want to check more often. These effects somewhat cancel out.\
Entry 4: Answer B: "Protecting your range" can be rephrased as "Villain will bet into my checking line often enough that my nuts want to trap sometimes". These are two sides of the same coin. Your weakened checking range is the bait that lures in villain's bets, which incentivizes trapping in the first place.\
[Flop] BABY FLUSH DRAWS ON MONO FLOPS\
\
[HU SnG, 20bb] SB opens 2, BB calls. Flop is A
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  K
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  Q
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 . SB c-bets 1, BB raises to 4, action on you in the SB. What's the strongest flush draw you fold?\
A: 9
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 \
B: 8
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 \
C: 7
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 \
D: 6
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 \
The content focuses on bankroll management strategies, specifically when considering moving up in stakes. It discusses Billy's win rates and standard deviation at different stakes, emphasizing the importance of having a large enough bankroll to accommodate increased variance when moving from NL100 to NL200. It suggests a bankroll of $15,000 before taking shots at NL200, considering the quadrupled variance for a marginal gain in earnings.\
Added new class: new class - equity bucket strategy techniques\
Explanation: This class contains content focused on understanding and deriving poker strategies from equity bucket distributions. It explores how players can use equity buckets to inform their strategic decisions, particularly in terms of bet sizing and range manipulation. The content aims to help players optimize their gameplay by recognizing how different equity buckets influence optimal bet sizes and strategic adjustments.\
The content explores deriving poker strategies from equity bucket distributions on the river with a specific stack-to-pot ratio (SPR = 4.5). It includes guidance on selecting bet sizes based on equity buckets, emphasizing the use of block-bets, and small probing bets to exploit opponents' ranges. Additionally, it discusses the opponent's range composition, highlighting the presence of weak, polarized hands and the strategic approach to maximize value from them while avoiding traps.\
The content on page 321 focuses on understanding range shapes postflop. It explains how different actions by the BB, such as calling a flop bet or check-raising, correspond to different range morphologies: condensed, merged, polarized, and linear. For instance, BB's flop call is condensed as it includes mostly medium hands, while a check-raise involves a merged range with nuts, bluffs, and middling pairs for balance. The probe bet on the Ace of hearts turn is polarized, involving overbets with trips+ and gutshot bluffs, and the call down of a triple barrel shove is linear, only involving the best hands.\
The content discusses the 'double-plateau distribution' seen on paired boards with an overcard, where the distribution represents top pair hands and trips. The example provided involves a paired board of K
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  7
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  7
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0 , illustrating how equity is distributed across different hands in such scenarios.\
Contents of page 323: Entry 1:[6-Max Cash, NL50, 40bb] BTN vs BB SRP on J
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  J
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  3
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0 . Which of the BTN's hands have the best Equity Realization?\
\
A: A
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  K
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 \
B: 4
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  4
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0 \
C: K
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  6
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 \
D: 7
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  6
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 \
Entry 2:All Stars OVERPERFORMANCE\
\
Correct answer\
D: 7
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  6
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 \
Entry 3:Equity realization tells you how well a hand performs, relative to its equity.\
\
Low value hands like 7
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 6
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  overperform on this flop because BB is forced to overfold.\
The other hands are more valuable but they underperform relative to their equity.\
Entry 1:[8-Max MTT, 60bb] CO vs BTN 3BP. BTN c-bets 25% on K
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  5
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  4
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0 , CO calls. Turn is J
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 . Why does BTN check back two-thirds of their flush draws in this spot? A: To retain their implied odds B: To avoid getting blasted off their equity if CO XR-shoves C: To protect the checking range D: The SPR is low enough to get stacks in by the river regardless\
The content on page 325 analyzes a scenario in a 6-Max Cash game where the Small Blind (SB) executes a triple-barrel shove against the Button (BTN). The SB bets 33%, 33%, and 52% on a K
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 8
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 4
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 2
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 A
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0  board. The analysis highlights that 28% of BTN's flop range contains a heart, and these hands never fold or raise throughout this betting line. The final calling range of BTN is calculated to be 37% of their starting range, with 75% of this range consisting of flushes by showdown. This scenario emphasizes the strategic considerations involved in executing and countering triple-barrel bluffs, particularly focusing on the impact of board textures and Minimum Defense Frequency calculations.\
The content discusses how stack depth affects strategic decisions in poker. Specifically, it explains that as stack sizes increase, the big blind (BB) should adjust by calling more and raising less on the flop when facing a continuation bet from the cutoff (CO). This is because deeper stacks increase implied odds, allowing players to draw more hands profitably. Additionally, deeper stacks require stronger nutted hands for check-raising, leading to tighter felting ranges and less frequent check-raises overall.\
The content discusses the strategic application of overbetting on the turn in deep-stacked 6-Max Cash games. It identifies turn cards like the J
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0  that retain the Button's nut advantage, making them suitable for overbetting. It cautions against overbetting with hands like AQ if the turn completes too many draws, as this can lead to being exploitable. The content emphasizes assessing bet sizing based on the hand classes intended for value betting.\
Entry 1:[6-Max Cash, NL500, 100bb] BTN opens 2.5x, BB 3-bets to 6.5bb with this nitty range, (JJ+, AKo, AQs+). This 3-bet is too small and too tight. Which of these hands would BTN prefer to call?\
\
A: KQs\
B: AJs\
C: 86s\
D: AQo\
\
Entry 2:Recall DD #224: The way to exploit small 3-bets is to overdefend preflop and overfold postflop. This play is designed to maximize implied odds.\
\
Hands like AQo, AJo, and KQo are dominated by BB's nitty range. BTN would much rather call with a hand like 86s that doesn't compete for the same board cards and can outdraw this top-heavy range.\
Entry 1:[8-Max MTT, 40bb] LJ opens 2.3x, SB calls. LJ triple-barrel shoves 55%-55%-90% pot on T
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  4
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  4
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  K
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  2
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0 . Which of these hands is a pure bluff catcher facing the river shove?\
\
A: A
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0  4
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0 \
B: K
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0  T
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0 \
C: 5
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  5
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0 \
D: A
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0  J
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0 \
Entry 2:Recall DD #231: Every hand between villain's value and bluffs is a potential bluff catcher. A \'93pure\'94 bluff catcher cannot beat any value bets in your opponent\'92s range.\
Entry 3:Due to the low SPR, LJ shoves the river with all their top pair King-x, and even JJ and QQ for value. Their bluffs are Ace-high and worse.\
Entry 4:A
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0 4
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0  and K
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0 T
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0  are not pure bluff-catchers as they actually beat a portion of LJ's shoving range. They are "value-beaters".\
5
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0 5
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  is directly in between the bluffs and value bets, so against a balanced opponent, it's indifferent between calling and folding.\
Added new class: new class - short stack turn shove strategy\
Explanation: This class contains content focused on understanding and applying short stack turn shove strategies in poker. It explores how players can effectively construct turn shove ranges when playing with a short stack, particularly in low stack-to-pot ratio (SPR) scenarios. The content emphasizes leveraging fold equity and realizing equity by fast-playing vulnerable made hands, while opting for trapping strategies with stronger hands and retaining implied odds with drawing hands.\
The content discusses strategies for constructing turn shoves with short stacks in low SPR scenarios. It highlights that vulnerable medium made hands, like A8, TT, or JJ, often shove to realize equity and capitalize on immediate fold equity. Stronger hands such as sets and two pairs trap to maximize value, while flush draws retain implied odds.\
Contents of page 331:\
Entry 1:[6-Max Cash, NL500, 100bb] BTN vs BB SRP. BTN barrels 125% on the flop and 75% on the turn. The board runs out A
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  J
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  7
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0  Q
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  2
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0 . Which hand(s) are best for IP to triple barrel bluff? A: T
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  7
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  B: 9
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  8
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  C: 9
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0  6
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0  D: K
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  2
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 \
Entry 2:SHOWDOWN OR SHOVE? All Stars Correct answer A: T
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  7
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  D: K
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  2
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 \
Entry 3:Most of BB's calling range consists of straights and two pair. The ideal bluff blocks that calling range. T7 and K2 block the KT straight as well as two pair hands that call like A7, or A2.\
Entry 4:Despite having some showdown value, these low pairs make more EV bluffing than checking back due to their excellent blockers. 9
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0 8
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  and 9
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0 6
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0  block more folds than calls (A6/A9), so they simply check the river and always lose.\
Added new class: new class - value betting and trap strategy analysis\
Explanation: This class contains content focused on analyzing and applying strategies for value betting and setting traps in poker. It explores how to determine which hands to slow play or bet aggressively based on their blocking properties and the opponent's potential responses. This analysis aids players in optimizing their decision-making by recognizing when to set traps with certain hands to induce aggression from opponents, thereby maximizing value.\
The content discusses the strategic decision-making when considering which sets to slow play from out of position (OOP) in a 6-Max Cash game. It highlights that JJ and 99 are optimal for trapping because they block the opponent's check-back range, increasing the likelihood of facing a bet. KK, although strong, does not provide the same trapping potential due to its blocking of the opponent's Kx betting range. Deuces are always bet due to their strength and lack of blocking properties.\
Entry 1: [HU Cash, 500bb] SB (IP) vs BB 3BP. SB opens, BB 3-bets to 12, SB calls. Checks down to the river on J
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  9
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  7
\f1 \uc0\u9830 
\f0  2
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  7
\f1 \uc0\u9827 
\f0 . BB block-bets 33%, SB raises 85%. What hands are pure bluff catchers facing this raise?\
Entry 2: BLOCK-CALLING THE RIVER\
\
Correct answer\
D: Top pair\
Entry 3: This is a HU checked-down pot. Ranges are WIDE.\
\
Straights and flushes mostly bet earlier, so, despite being very deep stacked, SB can confidently raise trips+ for value on the river.\
Entry 4: The few trips, straights, and flushes BB has in this line beat or block SB's value range. These hands are not 'pure' bluff catchers, they beat value.\
\
Top pair, and indeed most single pairs, are between SB's value and bluffs. Their equity is totally dependent on SB's bluffing frequency.\
\
Identifying value and bluff thresholds are fundamental to the art of bluff catching.\
Added new class: new class - poker fundamentals and soft skills\
Explanation: This class contains content focused on introducing and explaining both the fundamental concepts essential for poker strategy and the soft skills necessary for overall success in the game. It emphasizes the importance of understanding core strategic concepts like ranges and pot odds, as well as developing skills such as bankroll management, mental resilience, and dedication.\
The content outlines essential concepts and skills needed for success in poker. It highlights the importance of understanding fundamental concepts such as ranges, pot odds, and equity to develop a strategic sense. Additionally, it emphasizes the role of soft skills like bankroll management, understanding variance, maintaining a solid mental game, and practicing deliberately. These elements collectively contribute to becoming proficient in Game Theory Optimal play and overall poker success.\
Added new class: new class - GTO strategy training techniques\
Explanation: This class contains content focused on practical methods and tools to internalize and apply Game Theory Optimal (GTO) strategies in real-time poker gameplay. It explores techniques to transform theoretical GTO concepts into default actions at the table, thereby enhancing a player's decision-making process and strategic consistency.\
The content emphasizes the importance of internalizing GTO strategies and suggests using a Trainer tool to help transform these strategies into default actions during gameplay. This approach aids players in adopting consistent and optimal decision-making based on GTO principles.\
Added new class: new class - advanced poker concepts\
Explanation: This class contains content focused on exploring and explaining advanced poker concepts and theories. It includes in-depth analysis of complex strategies, high-level decision-making processes, and nuanced gameplay techniques that go beyond fundamental concepts. The content aims to provide players with a deeper understanding of sophisticated poker strategies and how to apply them effectively in various scenarios.\
The entry 'ADVANCED CONCEPTS' suggests a focus on sophisticated and complex poker strategies. This section likely covers high-level decision-making processes, intricate gameplay techniques, and in-depth analysis of nuanced strategies that extend beyond basic poker principles. Such content is intended to deepen the player's strategic understanding and enhance their ability to apply advanced concepts in different poker situations.\
This chapter delves into the advanced mathematical principles that support Game Theory Optimal (GTO) strategies in poker. It covers the role of mathematics in developing strategic depth, including the use of toy games, theoretical situations, and complex theoretical ideas, to enhance players' understanding of GTO concepts.\
The content discusses how certain poker actions can converge to have the same expected value (EV) and how low-frequency actions might be discarded in an optimal strategy. It highlights that in a game-theory-optimal setting, specific actions like folding could be entirely phased out, with others like raising and calling converging to similar EVs. The discussion emphasizes the strategic implications of understanding these indifference points, although it is noted that absolute certainty on which actions remain is unattainable.\
Understanding variance is crucial for poker players. Using a variance calculator, like Primedope's, helps players grasp the swingy nature of poker and manage expectations by visualizing potential swings in gameplay.\
Added new class: new class - push-folding strategy analysis\
Explanation: This class contains content focused on understanding and applying push-folding strategies in poker. It explores the strategic considerations for deciding when to push all-in or fold, particularly in short-stack situations where players must make binary decisions. The content aims to help players optimize their decision-making by recognizing the factors that influence push-folding strategies, such as stack sizes, position, and opponent tendencies.\
The content on this page delves into advanced concepts of push-folding and expected value (EV) calculations in poker. It emphasizes the importance of evaluating push-fold decisions based on EV, considering factors like stack size, position, and opponent behavior. Understanding these concepts can significantly improve a player's short-stack strategy and decision-making in critical situations.\
Added new class: new class - BTN river strategy techniques\
Explanation: This class contains content focused on understanding and applying strategic techniques for playing from the Button (BTN) position on the river in poker. It explores how players can optimize their betting and checking strategies based on the board texture, opponent tendencies, and the dynamics of previous betting rounds. The content aims to help players make informed decisions to maximize value extraction or induce folds with bluffs, considering their positional advantage on the river.\
The content likely discusses strategic considerations for playing from the Button position on the river, including how to adjust betting and checking strategies based on various factors such as board texture and opponent behavior. The goal is to optimize decision-making to either extract maximum value from strong hands or successfully bluff opponents into folding weaker hands.\
Added new class: new class - merge strategy techniques\
Explanation: This class contains content focused on understanding and applying merge strategies in poker. It explores situations where a player's betting action can serve both as a bluff and a value bet. The content helps players recognize when to use a merge strategy to exploit opponents by inducing folds from weaker hands while extracting value from stronger hands.\
The concept of 'value bluff' or 'merge' is introduced, where a player can induce folds from better hands while getting called by worse hands. Specifically, the Small Blind (SB) might fold better hands like QJ/KJ and call with worse hands like A6 and A7.\
Entry 1: Why isn't answer D: correct?\
\
In game theory, we use a concept called "strategic dominance" to differentiate between strategies. A "weakly dominant" strategy is one that results in at least the same payoff against perfect opposition, and sometimes better if the opponent can make a mistake.\
\
Shoving AA is always at least as good as folding, and the opponent can only make mistakes by calling too wide, so betting weakly dominates checking.\
Engage with experts on complex topics like ICM, nodelocking, and solver-based exploits through GTO Wizard's Weekly Coaching, turning theory into practical technique.\
Added new class: new class - equity introduction\
Explanation: This class contains content focused on introducing and explaining the concept of equity in poker. It explores the importance of understanding how equity influences decision-making at the table, particularly in relation to pot odds, expected value, and strategic adjustments based on equity calculations.\
The entry titled 'EQUITY' likely introduces the fundamental concept of equity in poker, explaining its significance in strategic decision-making. Equity refers to the mathematical probability of a hand winning the pot, and understanding it is crucial for making informed decisions regarding betting, calling, and folding. This content may cover how to calculate equity, its relation to pot odds and expected value, and how to use equity considerations to adjust strategies during gameplay.\
Chapter 6 focuses on how equity distributions affect poker strategy. It introduces key equity analysis techniques: Range Morphology, Equity Distribution Graphs, Equity Realization, and Equity Buckets. Understanding these concepts in relation to GTO strategy helps build a foundation in poker theory.\
The content likely discusses the impact of stack depth on poker strategy, such as how different stack sizes can affect betting and defensive strategies. It may also cover the balance between value and bluffs, and how stack depth influences the optimal use of equity and positional advantages.\
The content focuses on how stack depth influences poker strategy. It explains that the ratio of chips in your stack to the pot affects the level of risk you can take, impacting the value of hands and the types of hands used to build a pot. The analysis progresses from shallower to deeper stack scenarios and examines the effects on Game Theory Optimal (GTO) strategy.\
The content discusses the equity retention of the hand 76s (suited 7 and 6) when called, particularly in the context of the Button (BTN) position against a Small Blind (SB) caller. It emphasizes the importance of understanding how certain hands retain equity post-flop, which can influence strategic decisions during gameplay.\
Added new class: new class - custom GTO solution training techniques\
Explanation: This class contains content focused on creating and training against custom Game Theory Optimal (GTO) solutions in poker. It explores how players can use AI tools to simulate complex scenarios with varying bet sizes and stack depths, and then practice against these tailored solutions to gain a strategic edge over opponents. The content aims to help players enhance their strategic understanding and adaptability by engaging with personalized GTO training environments.\
GTO Wizard AI Custom Solutions allow players to navigate complex poker scenarios with any bet size and stack depth. Players can save and train against these custom solutions to gain a strategic advantage over opponents in their pool.\
Added new class: new class - tactics analysis\
Explanation: This class contains content focused on analyzing and explaining various tactical maneuvers in poker. It explores specific moves and counter-moves that players can employ to gain a strategic edge, including bluffing, trapping, slow-playing, and exploiting opponent tendencies. The content aims to provide players with actionable insights into tactical play, improving their ability to adapt and respond to different game situations.\
Entry 1:TACTICS - This section likely discusses various tactical maneuvers in poker. It may include strategies for bluffing, trapping, and exploiting opponent tendencies. The focus is on providing players with actionable insights to enhance their tactical play and improve adaptability in different game situations.\
This content introduces the concept of tactics in poker, distinguishing them from strategy by defining tactics as immediate moves made to achieve short-term goals. The chapter will cover common poker betting lines and useful ideas, emphasizing thresholds and range construction.\
Added new class: new class - offense vs defense strategy techniques\
Explanation: This class contains content focused on understanding and applying offensive and defensive strategies in poker. It explores how players can balance their offensive actions, such as betting and raising, with defensive tactics, like calling and folding, to optimize their overall strategy. The content aims to help players enhance their decision-making by recognizing when to shift between offense and defense based on game dynamics, opponent tendencies, and board textures.\
The content likely discusses the strategic balance between offensive and defensive actions in poker, providing insights into when to adopt aggressive tactics versus when to play defensively. Key considerations may include opponent tendencies, board texture, and game dynamics, emphasizing the importance of adjusting strategies to optimize overall play.\
The content focuses on the theme of 'Offense vs Defense' in poker strategy, examining how aggressive plays and the necessary defensive strategies are interrelated. It guides players in balancing offensive and defensive actions to enhance their overall game.\
Added new class: new class - check-raise barreling strategy techniques\
Explanation: This class contains content focused on understanding and applying check-raise barreling strategies in poker, particularly in 3-bet pots (3BPs). It explores how players can effectively use check-raises followed by continued aggression to maximize pressure on opponents, considering factors like hand strength, board texture, and opponent tendencies. The content aims to help players optimize their strategy by recognizing situations where check-raise barreling can exploit weaknesses in opponents' ranges.\
Offense: CHECK-RAISE BARRELING IN 3BPS - This strategy involves using a check-raise as an aggressive maneuver followed by barrel bets in 3-bet pots. Players can apply this technique to maximize pressure, especially when they have blockers or when the board texture favors aggressive play. The focus is on identifying optimal situations for this tactic to exploit opponents' defensive weaknesses.\
Contents of page 996:\
Entry 1:[Spin & Go, 25bb] BTN vs BB single-raised pot. BB check-calls a 33% flop c-bet and faces a 50% turn barrel on K
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  7
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  3
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0  2
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0 . What is the strongest flush draw that starts to fold?\
\
A: Q
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0 \
B: J
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0 \
C: T
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0 \
D: 8
\f1 \uc0\u9824 
\f0 \cell \lastrow\row
}